positive	lunch from my new lil spot ... the cotton bowl ... .pretty good HASHTAG be going back WEBSITE	
positive	snc halloween pr pumped let 's work it for sunday ... .packers vs ... .who knows or caresn HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	louis inspired outfit on monday and zayn inspired outfit today ... NUMBER NUMBER done just need harry HAPPY	
positive	HASHTAG chris bosh may be ugly but he has a gorgeous wife and adorbs baby i want to be happy like them one WEBSITE	
negative	gold edges down ahead of us jobs data singapore reuters gold edged lower on friday with investors waiting for ... WEBSITE	
negative	monday before i leave singapore i am going to post something that might be offensive .	
positive	here in the philippines its november NUMBER and i was like where 's my phone ? ! what is the time in london ? ! HASHTAG HASHTAG USER	
positive	tonight dr terrie hale scheckelhoff will be formally installed as the NUMBER th head of school welcome to the saints family USER !	
negative	'love cheat' daniel radcliffe splits with girlfriend rosie coker london oct NUMBER daniel radcliffe has split wit ... WEBSITE	
positive	patriots extend lead cruise into NUMBER th with NUMBER NUMBER lead pats pulpit the patriots extended their lead in the NUMBER rd ... WEBSITE	
positive	pretty little liars was the shit ! i ca n't wait til tomorrow ! i wanna see who all innocent who got something to do with allison dying !	
positive	USER texas and baylor both looked awesome last night we are heading to the games tomorrow night .i say final is texas baylor	
positive	HASHTAG NUMBER plays softball loves the lakers she 's a la girl junior birthday september NUMBER th she loves her black boys !	
positive	waking up to a niners win makes tuesday get off to a great start ! NUMBER NUMBER over the cards and NUMBER games clear in the nfc west .	
positive	contest tomorrow ! i will post a local tucson property that is currently active in the tucson mls the first person ... WEBSITE	
negative	well if no ones going to school tomorrow then i guess i wo n't go p	
negative	watching contraband on the pvr it 's too frigging predictable to continue watching gonna go wash my hair HASHTAG	
negative	steal by chalmers on the break away and is fouled by garnett that is his NUMBER rd foul of this game HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	free to watch ! ! ! justified justified follows marshal raylan givens a modern day NUMBER th century style lawman w ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER i admire the relationship u have with your family lol iron man 's a pretty suitable costume good luck monday go saints !	
positive	come see the david bowie tribute show i'm in king king h'wood nov NUMBER NUMBER my b 'day NUMBER singers dancers NUMBER pc band killin !	
positive	your like jordan 's on a saturday i got to have you and i cannot wait .	
positive	up NUMBER points in my money league with vernon davis and l fitz still to go tomorrow thats what i like to see	
positive	deejaying this friday in the first chop it 's chris actual smith with a smashing mish mashing of tunes from stoke ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER re levein discussion on wed ca n't keep changing boss but he is far too negative brazil gone new boss cud experiment .	
positive	hustle cause you got to then kick back n party everyday like its fri	
positive	i ca n't sleep way too exited about vancouver tomorrow ! i'm like a kid at christmas .	
positive	entertainment tina fey and amy poehler are hosting the golden globes airing jan NUMBER get ready for a night full of laughs ! ! ashley alyssa	
negative	HASHTAG i bet the clippers are gonna get in the lakers ass friday today	
positive	USER it 's HASHTAG that you can listen to the deluxe version of tmh on itunes NUMBER pm gmt on nov NUMBER th monday .	
positive	busy day tomorrow staging at bliss instead of sustenio ! ! both very cool places and my last night in texas its gonna be great ! HAPPY	
positive	thursday night is reserved for comedys on nbc fx and tonight nfl network .	
positive	get to see my big sis sunday and watch the packers game ! HASHTAG USER	
positive	not only is USER home from china she 's in la ... i called her and screamed mandyyyyyyyyyyyyy ... i'm gonna hug her for NUMBER hrs tomorrow !	
negative	USER you ai n't gone do shit tomorrow we gone see chicken shit	
negative	so clattenburg 's alleged racism may mean end of his career terry suarez rio use it and ca n't play for a couple of weeks ? HASHTAG	
positive	i like how each friday the announcers hype how alabama can be beat and each monday state how alabama is still number one ...	
positive	thanking all my lucky stars no madonna with the sun in the mornin' the moon in the evenin' i'm alright .	
negative	the philippines just passed a law worse than sopa which actually criminalizes criticizing someone online . WEBSITE	
positive	emile heskey has sure started his a league career well NUMBER goals in NUMBER games ! may it continue match stats WEBSITE	
negative	anybody at the trib where is ike taylor 's friday column ? sucks i ca n't find it first one i 've actually looked forward to reading .	
positive	i hope anderson starts tomorrow 's game he did very against chelsea	
positive	new series of greys anatomy starts on NUMBER november one good thing about winter is the return of the best us shows ! HASHTAG	
negative	two thirds of the ncaa football season are completed the race for the bcs title game is heading to a huge controversy WEBSITE	
positive	HASHTAG fam twitpic your halloween costume to win a pair of tickets to see the hawks defeat the rockets this friday USER	
negative	sitting at home on a saturday night doing absolutely nothing ... guess i 'll just watch greys anatomy all night HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	cardinals try to pick up the pieces against packers embarrassed on monday night the arizona cardinals are left ... WEBSITE	
positive	off to anfield on sunday for lfc vs newcastle with USER HASHTAG	
positive	vegas beat ellen reveals that madonna helped her come out of the closet tuesday 's episode of ellen featured th ... WEBSITE	
positive	ca n't wait to go to the wvu vs tcu game on saturday	
positive	very much looking forward to saturday afternoon tea and firework display at the celtic manor .	
positive	muhammad ali came into my work tonight to eat ... i think that being in the presence of a legend made this tuesday pretty legit .	
positive	i did n't want new york to miss my madonna show get ready for monday ! it 's gonna be on wnbc ! there is a god NUMBER thanks ellen ' NUMBER	
negative	USER we look like uva there i said it . so sad but so very true . november NUMBER th is going to be a circus	
negative	USER despite what you may have heard i actually do give a shit . honey badger in an interview with piers morgan USER	
positive	HASHTAG please join USER and myself this tuesday TIME pm as we discuss hib special guest moderator USER glad to have you .	
positive	watched a pride and prejudice play and then the season finale of the NUMBER nd season of downton abbey tonight is so british .	
negative	napoleon dynamite may be the most awkward person ever	
positive	got to rockdale today and going back to houston tomorrow thank god !	
positive	pacers fans are going to have fun on saturday ...	
positive	congratulations on scoring your first goal for swansea yesterday may i say that you look exactly like jonas gutierrez ! USER	
positive	USER that way the orange bowl would always be a part of me i think it was a wise choice shit is it thursday yet ? game time !	
negative	USER in other related news you know there 's no parks tomorrow ?	
negative	gold edges down ahead of us jobs data singapore reuters gold edged lower on friday with investors waiting ... WEBSITE	
negative	holy shit i just realized that i missed pretty little liars on tuesday EMONEG	
negative	but tonight when i went to see madonna at the scottrade when i walked in i started crying because i thought about last saturday .	
positive	... it 's jason and i NUMBER rd year anniversary today it 's my baby makes NUMBER months today ! im the happiest and luckiest lady on earth HAPPY	
positive	wow what a weekend flying lotus zombie apocalypse writing patriots dog beach ... goodnight everyone monday morning screw you .	
positive	we 're going to be in the rose parade tomorrow with the other obedience club dogs ! lizzie will be wearing roses ! HAPPY	
positive	chris bosh may not be easy on the eyes but he has a freakin beautiful family !	
positive	bu grads are the NUMBER th most employable in us after harvard yale stanford mit columbia and princeton HASHTAG	
positive	also do n't forget HASHTAG wealth NUMBER . NUMBER . NUMBER that wednesday before HASHTAG come do zumba with your USER	
negative	an alarm on my phone still goes off every thursday for a jon huntsman for president national finance team call probably time to delete it .	
positive	watching eddie izzard circle sooooo funny but i think it 's bed time will make andy watch it with me tomorrow .	
positive	looking forward to a fun weekend in the mountains and enjoying the snow in california have a great friday . WEBSITE	
negative	people 's choice awards site is sooooo slow c'mon i want to vote	
negative	hating breitbart out tomorrow in wisconsin oshkosh appleton ashwaubenon and brookfield check it out guys ! HASHTAG	
negative	i bet you wo n't power clean mettenbergers unconscious body after you sack him saturday ! roll tide USER	
negative	did he really just say you think on NUMBER rd NUMBER they would play it safe and kick it im roll tide all day but that shit was harsh .	
positive	excited for pre fashion night out drinks at pipa tomorrow night with the homepolish designers ! first of many ... WEBSITE	
negative	i googled coffee its immediate response mechanisms the first page that appeared september NUMBER attacks wiki . i dont see the link here	
positive	aquib talib for a NUMBER th round pick is larceny good move by the patriots .	
negative	i gave PRICE to the santorum campaign put me in debt romney gets my vote anyway though NUMBER rd party people just do n't get how bad bho is .	
positive	join us in the av dept on weds aug NUMBER at NUMBER pm to watch the free movie joyful noise for all ages under age NUMBER needs adult HASHTAG	
positive	USER u guys talk about eli in the NUMBER th qt big ben is n't to shabby either and steelers fans are n't complaining trust me	
positive	USER lets just go protest tomorrow spread to our pirate brothers ! we did it with sopa lets tey it again HAPPY	
positive	forget the ricky gervais animation show ... this is the animation vid to watch ! ... WEBSITE may have something to do with us .	
positive	best attitude for living my pain may be the reason for somebody 's laugh but my laugh must never be the ... WEBSITE	
negative	one more source c'mon google just one more HASHTAG	
positive	camping out on the parade grounds thursday and friday night to make sure our tailgate spot is safe geaux tigers	
negative	day NUMBER of HASHTAG riding NUMBER fail i do n't know where NUMBER x picks up in downtown tucson but it sure ai n't NUMBER th congress ! calling a ride .	
positive	yeay yeay yeay ! ! ! home opener tomorrow ! let 's go USER ! and excited to hang w greatest fans in the nba ! see you all there tomorrow !	
positive	oh and red tails for the NUMBER st time . yeah yeah kinda orta late af . but it was good !	
positive	guys when liam comes on tomorrow please spam him to follow USER it would make her smile she deserves it please i'm beggin you .	
positive	so excited to go to philly tomorrow wifff the best people everrr USER USER USER and roseeee HAPPY HASHTAG	
positive	foxtel is the best money i have ever spent productivity goes down on tuesday 's ... newsroom mob wives general omg ness love it .	
positive	teen mom NUMBER on monday ahhh ca n't wait ! ! ! wish i could watch with USER ! ! ! best line ever im addicted ... i love weed ! !	
positive	parlay hit fantasy teams won giants sweep niners smash best week ever and it 's only monday .	
negative	stats are stats records can be broke . but crunch time NUMBER th quarter jordan had niggaz scared to d up ... bron kd kobe ca n't say the same	
positive	zumba fitness classes in erdington every wednesday zumba is for everyone ! loaded with red hot dance steps lati . WEBSITE	
positive	barclays profit driven by investment banking london barclays plc bcs wednesday continued to reap the rewards ... WEBSITE	
positive	pumped ! mt USER tina fey amy poehler will host the NUMBER th golden globe awards in jan for once i may care about an awards show !	
positive	see you all in the church tomorrow 's miracle service at NUMBER pm and god will be bless you in jesus name john TIME ... WEBSITE	
positive	i ai n't asking for much just listen to atleast the NUMBER st NUMBER songs give me some feedback dreamteam full mixtape WEBSITE	
negative	my itunes is playing sun is shining by bob marley my ears ca n't trick me it 's bloody freezing hat scarf and gloves today kids !	
positive	can not wait for the NUMBER season of mob wives HASHTAG HASHTAG USER USER	
negative	going to sunderland vs villa on saturday . dont hold the highest hopes for a good match	
negative	matt flynn may never play quarterback for the seattle seahawks bleacher report bleacher report ... WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	be proud of what you do ! monday morning motivation martin luther king jr WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	emile heskey scores a bicycle kick NUMBER nd goal for newcastle jets v melbourne victory ! ! ! WEBSITE what the ? how the ? why ...	
negative	man just watched the lakers highlight from yesterday and there going to get destroyed tomorrow	
positive	pacers won without granger to night david west step on in the NUMBER th HASHTAG	
positive	john TIME the fab four the NUMBER yard line the NUMBER th floor NUMBER NUMBER the dirty dozen we 're all waiting for the NUMBER nd coming ... numbers jmc HASHTAG	
positive	ca n't wait to kick it with these outstanding musicians as well as perform for my new england fans on saturday ... WEBSITE	
positive	tina fey amy poehler are hosting the golden globes in january best news today !	
positive	my idol is tuning NUMBER on monday ! she 's growing up so fast ! ! i remember when she was that girl on wizards of waverly place USER	
negative	i have to go out drinking on a wednesday so i cant watch the bachelor until the next day HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER HASHTAG i think that i want to make it spread so that you may not be inconvenienced i wish matt becomes fine .	
positive	excited for super sunday coming up ? milan derby el clasico newcastle man utd marseille psg ? should be epic keep it locked here NUMBER updates	
negative	the philippines has just passed a law worse than sopa . WEBSITE	
positive	it 's officially november NUMBER here in the philippines . so . umm . happy birthday kendall ! i love you ! USER USER	
positive	watching contraband for the NUMBER rd time mark wahlberg is the man !	
negative	USER it wo n't work for me because ipod but whatever i'm honestly way too tired to care i 'll find it on tumblr tomorrow	
negative	so kg gets a fouls called for not touching chalmers ... . incredible that boi better be the NUMBER st victim of many more fines to come HASHTAG	
negative	sopa is back ! as a ransomware virus after historic internet protests in january the sopa anti piracy ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	i'm having white collar withdrawal i ca n't wait till it comes back in january .	
positive	USER i did n't want new york to miss my madonna show get ready for monday ! it 's gonna be on wnbc ! aw how nice	
positive	in bed in plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays home tomorrow had fun meeting USER and USER but time for home EMONEG	
negative	USER i was supposed to go to the NUMBER rock on monday so i could buy some nbc stuff but my brothers were tired and we had to go home EMONEG	
positive	USER the NUMBER st day i ever watched a kidrauhl videothe one of u singing in the mirror HASHTAG i thought u were adorable u still r WINK	
positive	buy my new album comming out called fuck you procrastination NUMBER ft drake trey songz nwc meek rick ross drops in wshh november NUMBER cop it ! !	
negative	i wanna see USER friday with al green so bad missing my pinkroom family ! !	
positive	tina fey and amy poehler will host the NUMBER th golden globe awards in january and for once i may care about an awards show !	
negative	boston rob may have won survivor and the bachelor but definitely not the finchelor HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	have the privilege to ride dod sponsored float in january NUMBER rose parade in pasadena california !	
positive	i liked a USER video WEBSITE chris jericho 's NUMBER st appearance after the royal rumble NUMBER ppv NUMBER NUMBER	
negative	spotify is all matt and kim station eh ? may we suggest david guetta ? no you may not .	
positive	USER just wanted to let you know that tvd was amazing tonight ! ! ! only the NUMBER th episode and it was so intense ! loved it ! HAPPY	
negative	i remember when i had twitter jail on a football sunday during the cowboys game the game was n't even halfway done HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG c'mon u want to kidrauhl follow u'r amazing account ? so let 's trend !	
positive	absolutely amazing day ! november NUMBER is the huge revealing party for nlc i absolutely can not wait pastor c	
negative	honey badger and jordan jefferson both got arrested for pot possession for the NUMBER rd time he 's out for good HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER tim tebow has already had more success than over NUMBER of qbs who have ever been in the nfl and this is his NUMBER rd season killed ?	
positive	if i knew that tomorrow the world ends i still today plant a tree . martin luther king	
positive	tomorrow is HASHTAG awareness day ! help us change the perception so many people have about this wonderful breed . WEBSITE	
positive	USER is heading to tom 's river nj and manhatten please consider donating to the cause they feed NUMBER st responders and communities .	
negative	USER this is the first thursday in a long time where i did n't get to see USER EMONEG HASHTAG skype counts HAPPY	
negative	got being human series NUMBER today may just watch that tomorrow if this shitey weather continues HAPPY	
positive	betting on the honey badger will tyrann mathieu make it to the nfl ? this aug NUMBER NUMBER file photo shows lsu cor ... WEBSITE	
negative	i havent went to philly in a while EMONEG my mom going tomorrow but she coming back the day after that 's bullshit .	
negative	big brother may be watching you right now and you may never know HASHTAG is the new normal WEBSITE	
positive	morning twitterites ! goal by NUMBER pm friday want to see msm report on benghazi and obama below NUMBER in polls hammer it home patriots !	
positive	december NUMBER th NUMBER curitiba brazil the first and last time i saw suicide silence with mitch i'm glad i ha WEBSITE	
negative	in may okc is still gonna b the primary threat to lose to the lakers	
positive	touchdown HASHTAG ! ! NUMBER NUMBER at the beginning of the NUMBER nd quarter is kinda ridiculous haha oh well roll tide ! !	
negative	USER lol well my parents said no tomorrow and sunday she said u could come to mi casa but if no then on the day u said el oh el	
positive	USER please justin follow me ? hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see u in paris for the NUMBER st time ! je t'aime NUMBER	
positive	a hot cup of coffee on a cold morning some nice country music to go gets me everytime HAPPY ! HASHTAG NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER rd in the bcs !	
positive	meet us at NUMBER chalmers tomorrow evening TIME NUMBER pm a righteous girl meeting take sum time out your day to have sum christian girl talk ...	
positive	everytime the steelers are playing on sunday night football the first thing i get fired up for is ike taylor introducing himself	
negative	i could have been asleep by eleven except i found m ipod ... i'm going to be so tired tomorrow .	
negative	tv ratings cbs and fox split a low rated wednesday on a night impacted by both halloween and the after effects ... WEBSITE	
negative	bears suffer a NUMBER NUMBER loss at sdsu tonight WEBSITE next up no NUMBER NUMBER ucla on sunday in los angeles HASHTAG	
positive	jubiliant girl won the NUMBER th trainer john sadler 's NUMBER NUMBER th tb win in n america he also has NUMBER tb wins vs qh and NUMBER win in dubai HASHTAG	
positive	after NUMBER seasons gossip girl 's ready to say goodbye on december NUMBER th with NUMBER hour special new york i love you xoxox	
negative	USER i hate those movies and devil inside and i think it 's called NUMBER th kind all those documentary type .	
positive	hmmm how about this book for my birthday . and el clasico in la liga will happen on march NUMBER ! sweeeeet ! WEBSITE	
positive	i love thursdays ... .grey 's anatomy ... .one day closer to friday ... ... and no driving to huntsville .	
positive	people may hate on jersey shore but honestly i love it .	
negative	special notice for lefties who try to watch the best show on tv justified WEBSITE NUMBER nd try melts tvpic .twitter .com ao NUMBER luftp	
negative	el classico on a sunday night is n't perfect for the monday morning ! !	
positive	why ca n't sean 's season of the bachelor just start monday ? HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	tom stone has this soccer team rolling huge game tomorrow against baylor in the big NUMBER semifinals HASHTAG	
negative	this is only the NUMBER th time wearing my concords	
negative	how in hell did philly give HASHTAG a NUMBER million dollar contract ? they would be better off with matt flynn for a NUMBER NUMBER th price HASHTAG	
negative	steve jobs and dr king on the same level ? ! ? ! nah ... c'mon kanye ...	
negative	drake did n't drop any new shit in october USER cried this morning when he realized	
positive	leah from teen mom NUMBER is pregnant with her NUMBER rd child and is getting married for the NUMBER nd time to a new guy . congrats you 're NUMBER .	
positive	the perfect day apart from jordan rhodes' late goal for blackburn up to NUMBER th in the table bring on next saturday ! HASHTAG	
negative	wsj microsoft testing homegrown handset designs with suppliers may not see mass pro until very recently mi ... WEBSITE	
positive	frank gore vernon davis make wins tomorrow please HASHTAG	
positive	USER white collar returns on tuesday january NUMBER at NUMBER NUMBER c . ca n't wait to see it HAPPY	
positive	USER good lad think it 's actually a saturday i have the NUMBER th in my diary s s amazing el classico in la cuchara a highlight !	
negative	at some point tomorrow morning afternoon the HASHTAG will can the winter classic and effectively the entire season is it march madness yet ?	
negative	i was legitimately more impressed and intimidated by the devil inside than with pa NUMBER might not see the NUMBER th one at all .	
negative	just a quick message to my HASHTAG and anyone else who ca n't watch tvd tonight my surprise wo n't be revealed until tomorrow so ...	
positive	contraband with the boys ! so eager to finally watch it ! ! USER USER HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	being human is our number NUMBER job a responsibility do n't you forget it happy friday ! HAPPY	
positive	kanye and kim as batman and catwoman may be the best thing i 've seen all week	
positive	rasheed wallace said he 's ready to play NUMBER minutes if needed in tomorrow 's home opener at msg against the heat .	
positive	going back to houston tomorrow HAPPY excited ! ! ! !	
positive	attending HASHTAG with our chapter on sunday ? please bring items for the charity event check USER 's fb for more info HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG continues next thursday with red tails a fantastic portrayal of the tuskegee airmen in action WEBSITE	
positive	what would derek fisher bring to the l .a lakers ? the lakers may soon be creating a new position for free age ... WEBSITE	
positive	i needa find this stuff for tomorrow wssu parade HAPPY i 'll be with pipa but you know i 'll be with reppin my mustangs ! ! !	
positive	welcome monday time to hustle get on the train HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	happy birthday USER may you have many more ca n't wait to party with you USER on sat in dc USER	
positive	take the NUMBER st step in faith you dont have to see the whole staircase just take the NUMBER st step dr martin luther king jr HASHTAG	
positive	justin may grow up but he will always be the same alway the kidrauhl tht will be caring for fans being weird and making others smile	
positive	monster jam tonight and celtics home opener tomorrow ... loveeee living walking distance from the gahhhhden HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	great start to my NUMBER days off sat on the sofa feet up with a jd and coke listening to al green get in LAUGH	
positive	we may or may not be skyping with drake right now ... .hahahahaha HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	i 'll be glad when it 's tomorrow so i can stop seeing tweets about how justin bieber is cool	
negative	live sunderland v newcastle it may not have the glamour of el clasico or the title implications of the manches ... WEBSITE	
positive	andy everything looks positive you and the ny'ers survived again still one mind set love my carhart just bought the hood wed lookn good	
positive	the fiesta bowl was pleasantly surprised monday to learn it is one of six finalists to hos WEBSITE	
positive	a blast from the past ... daisy may 's should have received a golden globe for this one WINK lol . WEBSITE	
negative	matt flynn may never play quarterback for the seattle seahawks bleacher report WEBSITE via USER USER	
positive	after sunday and wednesday 's game i'm happy with chelsea style of playing it has improved from last season LAUGH bring on swansea HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	we thank you thomas we all thank yourt USER tom brady wins afc offensive player of the week for NUMBER nd time WEBSITE	
negative	mavs could n't withstand the NUMBER rd quarter by the jazz maybe a little fatigue from a back to back ? HASHTAG	
positive	keep the faith USER fans we 're never done until the final whistle the battle for california supremacy begins sunday bring it .	
negative	chris bosh may be the ugliest man alive .	
positive	heading to mangere arts centre tonight to support our pipa NUMBER nd years in their solo pieces go hard guys ! ! see you on stage ! ! LAUGH	
negative	USER dwight howard gets his NUMBER th career NUMBER point NUMBER rebound NUMBER assist game . too bad it comes in a loss HASHTAG	
positive	good weekend ahead shit shirt party tomorrow then united vs arsenal at old trafford including an all day piss up HASHTAG	
negative	los angeles nov NUMBER ians actress keira knightley says although she does not like some traits of her character a ... WEBSITE	
negative	in the sports world report steelers ca n't find hotel to travel sun . the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new y ... WEBSITE	
positive	and it that 's not your thing do n't forget that being human is on our stage this friday heart warming and gorgeous WEBSITE	
positive	over again is the NUMBER nd ed song on tmh a ballad where harry niall liam zayn and louis sound most comfortable via USER	
positive	im happy NUMBER st i have the same b day as chris jericho NUMBER nd i just figured out rybacks birthday is one day after mine ! !	
negative	if chris bosh drinks a beer he wo n't burp till tomorrow long neck modafacka	
negative	sopa is back ! as a ransomware virus WEBSITE after historic internet protests in january the sopa ... WEBSITE	
positive	brothers film premiere tonight sunderland away saturday and jon richardson sunday should be a good few days !	
positive	USER ohh wooow it 's pretty asl thnx google we in it haha anywhoo i'm going to sleep we gotta chill soon or sunday p	
positive	in the los angeles area on nov NUMBER th december NUMBER st NUMBER ? this is a red carpet event that you do not want to miss ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER aw thanks sam ! i miss you too much tomorrow you better text me i have a lot to tell ya .	
positive	USER champs heat mvp lebron coach of the year doc rivers rook of the year damian lillard NUMBER th man ginobili most improved lamar odom	
positive	urban wants braxton to train with tim tebow in the off season ! ! i say yes ! may not be a good qb but the dude is smart works hard	
positive	USER you 'll be at lakers vs clippers game tmw ? ? i 'll be there ... NUMBER st live nba game for this german girl ... woo hoo ...	
negative	why wo n't nbc cbs abc and cnn cover the breaking news in the benghazi story ? information came out last tuesday ... WEBSITE	
positive	so happy just saw an advert on comedy central and they 're doing the themed friends marathon thing on sunday from NUMBER again yayayayay	
negative	german oral exam on the monday i go back to school and then on the thursday i have a maths algebra gcse kill me now	
positive	looking forward to this concert in vancouver on december NUMBER th ... hope to see you all there ! love that city ! WEBSITE	
positive	meet the stars of the dream factory and win movie tix and sugar bowl lift tix tomorrow at sb presidio at NUMBER pm ! WEBSITE	
negative	HASHTAG c'mon big ben ! you 'll never get another ring if you keep throwing pick sixes all the time ! USER	
negative	mao 's cult may have no place in china 's future as tension increased on the border with india in the early NUMBER ' ... WEBSITE	
positive	the spanish national manager vicente del bosque believes sunday 's el clasico set the perfect example WEBSITE	
negative	drake lil wayne dr dre wiz mac all dem haters gonna be jealous of our tweets in the sun rise motha fuckas USER	
negative	sooooo ... we think you whovians may have just crashed the people 's choice awards site doctorwho or ... WEBSITE	
negative	check it out ! report steelers ca n't find hotel to travel sun WEBSITE	
negative	demba ba is a doubt for newcastle utd 's trip to anfield on sunday after he limped off yesterday the problem ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER drake may not be the best to y'all but to me he is ! meeee	
positive	dwight howard is dominating this game NUMBER pts NUMBER rebs with NUMBER minutes left in the game NUMBER mins in NUMBER rd whole NUMBER th qtr HASHTAG	
negative	i still do n't understand the joke behind motor boatin' ... ... i 'll ask tom tomorrow morning wink wink	
positive	some analysts are beliving that tony romo will have a win against the falcons sunday night ... yeah ok .	
positive	we declare heaven is invading nlc for october NUMBER outreach father as it is n heaven we say so it is n r outreach sick will be healed	
positive	great weekend ... roll tide victory browsed flea market played with all the animals now work ... monday ... chilly monday ...	
positive	the series finale date of gossip girl will be december NUMBER they say do n't cry because it 's over smile because it h ... WEBSITE	
negative	call us superstitious ... our condo does not have a NUMBER th floor some wiki thoughts on the origin of that tradition WEBSITE	
negative	he needs to win against the clippers tomorrow or hell will start to rain down on his ass !	
positive	USER i look forward to see you with liam louis zayn and harry in dancing with the stars in france saturday ! HAPPY x	
positive	a never ending gold rush in china china the largest producer of gold may also become the biggest consumer of ... WEBSITE	
negative	jk bless that this sunday is the season finale of downton abbey i do n't know how much more crying i can take .	
positive	yeah hawks ! going to the ship for the NUMBER rd consecutive year ! so proud of everyone let 's conquer gordon 's stupid grass field ! HASHTAG !	
positive	the goal celebration i did when i scored my NUMBER nd goal in the el clasico last sunday is dedicated to ellai my loved one .	
positive	HASHTAG red tails for the NUMBER st time ! ! !	
positive	what would complete my sunday the patriots winning and the bumblebees steelers losing HAPPY	
negative	USER have no one to blame in the home opener loss to the pacers except themselves lots of bad shots in the NUMBER th ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	what time is it ? USER thurs at NUMBER pm ! improv favorite comedy central 's bob biggerstaff ! PRICE with promo code chilipic .twitter .com amdioykq	
negative	ew school tomorrow it gets tiring making straight a 's	
positive	yaaaaay ! jason is my fave ! ! ! USER ... and like that USER becomes the NUMBER th act in the top NUMBER ! HASHTAG	
negative	watching bad reality television with drew before he leaves for georgia tomorrow bad reality tv ... is that redundant ? haha HASHTAG	
positive	come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct NUMBER th frm NUMBER NUMBER w aja dreamteam hqb dsb hib leave the bullshit at the door .	
positive	i just saw on tv that teen mom NUMBER is coming out with a new season november NUMBER th ca n't wait to see it !	
positive	jim brown praises trent richardson rookie running back trent richardson did more than win sunday 's game for the br ... WEBSITE	
negative	getting off of twitter for tonight im gonna get on tumblr then bed goodnight oh yeah i wo n't be here this weekend so no twitter til sunday	
negative	lil mouse and the buffoons that support his foolishness set the black race back NUMBER years ... dr king did n't march for that foolishness ...	
positive	cant wait to go meet the cast of being human on tuesday be jealous bitches .	
positive	watching underworld with jace having a pretty nice sunday .	
positive	david bowie may be the first celeb i 've seen who could make mugshots look like a photoshoot for calv WEBSITE	
positive	USER enjoy your last night in swansea ! thursday is all about sin city HASHTAG	
positive	five weeks of intense rehearsals almost complete ! last rehearsal day tomorrow before the jbsa cast travels to singapore ! take a bow ! !	
negative	USER ben has said his NUMBER st sb he played like shit and against the packers he played ok but NUMBER picks hurts	
positive	yay teen mom NUMBER starts monday ! but the only reason i watch it is for USER HAPPY HASHTAG	
positive	wow colin powell going to cmu for mlk jr celebration in january that 's cool a big name for little cmu .	
positive	USER hi you are inspires me and so may fans ! ! ! ! i need you here in brazil ! ! ! ! ! ! you read the casual vacany ? ? ?	
negative	USER USER falsely claimed he saw his father march with martin luther king jr WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	i swear i'm just gonna kirk if somebody come out their mouth wrong tomorrow cause i ca n't take that shit no more	
positive	manchester united can return to the top of the english premier league on saturday should they defeat ar ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
negative	get ur excuses in early lol USER cant see us beating west ham on sat not now that howard webb is on loan to the hammers for the game	
negative	you know you are desperate of answer when you see the NUMBER nd page of google .	
positive	starting the NUMBER nd season of being human lol that was quick	
negative	miss you aaliyah on repeat too many lost ones pop in my mind tribute to them may be on the way from me ... look out	
positive	this week has been a good week got the nba package free on direct tv until nov NUMBER th nba is fantastic ! ! ! !	
positive	still yet to get really excited for anfield on sunday ... ... .surely the run must end sometime ? ? ?	
negative	very gruesome terrible injury for marcus lattimore NUMBER nd year in a row be strong the injury was similar to mcgahee from NUMBER fiesta bowl .	
negative	former lsu qb jordan jefferson was arrested w the honey badger daddy miles ca n't save you this time and let you start on saturday .	
negative	USER except for the part where because of lack of depth we also had to play gerrard suarez for a bunch which may screw us ... .	
positive	kanye kim as batman and catwoman may be the hottest thing ive ever seen HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER good luck this sunday night vs the NUMBER NUMBER falcons but you can win the history is on or side and tony romo has never lost to them	
positive	martin luther king elizabeth NUMBER st the girl with the short skirt in mcdonalds my grandaughter NUMBER boys . HASHTAG	
negative	well doctors said i have some kind of bug it 's probably best i do n't go to school until monday its a good thing too HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	tim tebow may have you beat USER i think i might be the most famous dude that still jacks off .	
negative	if my stomach still feels funny tomorrow i'm going to punch one or possibly all of the jordan kids right in the kidneys .	
negative	i am manipulative knightley los angeles nov NUMBER actress keira knightley says although she does not like some t ... WEBSITE	
positive	this time NUMBER yrs ago we won our NUMBER st game of the season v west ham thks to a goal from gary ablett also NUMBER st day in my current job .	
positive	i once told harry i was leaving the band on february NUMBER th he cried for hours until he realised there is no february NUMBER th zayn malik	
positive	ugh the cotton bowl last sat was almost better than today almost hewlett packard txn NUMBER WEBSITE	
negative	on sunday night does dick lebeau expect to match ike taylor up with a .j green ? because i do n't think that 's gonna work in our favor .	
negative	a whole day of maths i have to endure this on monday EMONEG HASHTAG	
negative	might not be able to get a free taco tomorrow as napoleon dynamite would say dang it !	
positive	i want to go to the battle of the bands drumlines at cotton bowl november NUMBER th !	
positive	azhar ali 's NUMBER vs england in the NUMBER nd innings of the NUMBER rd test in dubai wins best batting performance of the year by a pakistani in tests .	
positive	may i have rob pattinson with a side of daniel radcliffe ? ? ? HAPPY HASHTAG	
positive	NUMBER comeback special elvis ... a tour de force ! do n't miss the show on sunday tickets still available WEBSITE	
positive	if you struggle reconciling total and implicit faith in a god you 've never seen you may not want to miss this weekend at nlc no fear part NUMBER	
negative	heading into this sunday im in trouble at the te spot vernon davis is on the bye fred davis is on ir and finley is q'able	
positive	watched devil inside and paranormal activity ... . yes i'm definitely going to church sunday morning !	
positive	hustle season december christmas jan NUMBER nyelle bday party gotta be the shit i'm ready lbs	
positive	tom brady is named the afc offensive player of the week for the NUMBER nd time in his career it ties peyton manning for the most pow honors	
negative	trent richardson is the bad weather back the cleveland browns have long needed bill livingston 's mon ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	USER no man thank you philly plays you guys on march second where i'm from i 'd love to meet you man !	
positive	after watching the raptors first hand today they definitely in contention for the NUMBER th seed they were better than the pacers today .	
negative	i just looked at uva 's sat requirements and such ... im definitaly not getting in straight up lawl at me looks like im going to transfer .	
positive	USER wrong ! amazing show won the golden globe in january sorry son !	
positive	HASHTAG tom brady wins afc offensive player of the week for NUMBER nd time . ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
negative	USER we live in the jersey shore area no power since mon disgusted with the response of disaster ! ! !	
positive	i should 've worn the concords tomorrow . oh well .	
negative	ou really has nothing play for anymore screw the sun bowl or cotton bowl if we are n't in a bcs bowl game it 's a disappointing season .	
positive	rft USER skype nights ! might as well skype with someone who gonna be at the mmg tour at NUMBER st mariner	
negative	how are these fools talking about niners are the best team in the nfc .last time i checked the giants shat on them held them to fg in NUMBER th	
positive	had such a great time lastnight at the pipa NUMBER nd year solos fantastic to see new talent on stage LAUGH	
positive	i think USER is my besy player for manchester united then it is robin van persie good luck aginst arsneal at old trafoord saturday	
positive	asif the next pretty little liars episode is in january i ca n't wait so long the halloween episode was next level tho	
positive	pretty little liars just blew my mind ! ! HASHTAG was everything i 'd hoped for is it january yet ... ?	
positive	congrats sarah geronimo for winning the best local video artist in NUMBER th ustv student 's choice awards . we are so proud of you ...	
positive	just had our meeting with angie and george from big brother ... we all getting excited about saturday night we ... WEBSITE	
positive	s o to USER hope he has safe travels tomorrow HASHTAG could use you doc loves those florida boys HASHTAG	
positive	USER please justin follow me ! hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see u in paris for the NUMBER st time ! je t'aime NUMBER	
positive	i'm a real nigga NUMBER st get money NUMBER nd break bread with my niggas we like family so respect it yo gotti	
positive	indiana men 's NUMBER st basketball game tonight ! ! ! lets go hooisers ! ! ! HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	had such an epic night gonna pay for it tomorrow when raw hits newcastle HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER USER i agree but zeller is a great complement to kyrie and andy 's style of play is exactly what the NUMBER nd team needs	
positive	ca n't wait for january to roll around with raylan givens and some new episodes of justified HASHTAG	
positive	want to see lana del rey in london so much in may !	
negative	no new grey 's or scandal must be a sign that i'm supposed to study for our exam monday ... which i completely forgot about !	
positive	we are club h disco dancing the night away ! thanks jan for dedicating your the devil in disguise by elvis to me ! !	
positive	even if i knew that tomorrow the world would still go to pieces i would still plant my apple tree martin luther king jr .	
positive	i'm getting off work tomorrow then coming home to watch the heat win and talk shit .	
negative	kenya powerites may all thy respective spouses cheat on thee for denying me a rerun of the el classico .	
positive	we 're going to a patriots game ! monday night football baby ! ca n't wait ! WEBSITE	
positive	tyler is gonna be so swagged out tomorrow im gonna have to take an instagram pic with him	
positive	USER jason loving your performances may your disco balls shine ! you are truly the hot slut of the day . WEBSITE	
positive	on the bright side looking forward to cambridge city away in the fa cup tomorrow night should be a laugh ! HASHTAG	
negative	tomorrow marks the start of what is usually chelsea 's worst month swansea shakhtar pool wba juve city fulham over NUMBER weeks tough !	
positive	USER happy birthday ! i know it 's already friday in singapore but happy birthday anyway !	
negative	sooo i did n't know the first friday the NUMBER th did n't have jason in it ... ...	
negative	words with friends just made me watch an ad for the dvd release of red tails now i may have to pay zinga or they may make me watch it again	
negative	in case you were n't invited . ... it 'may' have been because andy was hiding a deep dark secret personali ... WEBSITE	
negative	i'm always thinking that the bachelor is pathetic bunch of gurls fighting for a guy ! ... .c'mon ! but when is the opposite i kinda like it HAPPY	
positive	pit bull fans celebrate NUMBER st annual awareness day animal lovers of all kinds gathered at the buddy holly recreation ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER i married a former miss colorado NUMBER nd runner up miss america she could not be more excited to see her state flip right !	
positive	peso rises over moody 's credit rating upgrade for philippines ... the peso inched up on tuesday following the m ... WEBSITE	
negative	it 's howard webb bookies are n't giving odds on that USER what are the odds that man u will get a penalty on saturday ? HASHTAG	
positive	alex smith is NUMBER th in the mvp running ! right now he quals for probowl with over a NUMBER qbr ! i said it before the season started ! HASHTAG	
negative	will take that result top the group as well bet tim howard is cursing away at us ahead of sunday HASHTAG	
negative	honey badger do n't know the NUMBER th amendment after mathieu NUMBER gave the police his consent to search the apartment ...	
positive	another les miles gem when you 're challenged and if you enjoy challenge we 'll you enjoy it . from monday 's presser .	
positive	ah monday nights a glorious time of the week to spend reading about mafioso 's on wiki .	
negative	sat alone in my office at lunch so i could watch an episode of mob wives pretty sure this day ends with me jumping in front of a train .	
negative	my nephew is moving to florida tomorrow and he wo n't even say bye to me what an asshole .	
positive	why america may go to hell wish it wouldve been completed and i wish i could read the contents of it ... by mlk	
negative	redheads at cancer risk regardless of sun exposure study paris afp people with pale skin and ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	blue moon community garden alive and kicking in the tucson az sun ! pic .twitter .com yc NUMBER zpzym	
negative	if you do n't know who kidrauhl is you may as well no speak to me ever again .	
positive	my friday closet clean out furniture rearranging al green while taking a bath wrapping it all up with downton abbey HASHTAG	
negative	who 's on first ? NUMBER st down goal or ready set debate ? who is big ratings winner tonight ? sadly the bachelor would probably beat all	
positive	USER NUMBER rd in NUMBER games ! ! ! emile heskey bags the opener for newcastle jets v melbourne victory WEBSITE ha ha ha ! ! !	
negative	go conservative w NUMBER yd offense then kick ball to best player in HASHTAG when it 's only way you can lose that about sum up tob 's NUMBER th q ?	
positive	tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe awards in what may be the smartest thing the hollywood fore ... WEBSITE	
positive	cowboys beat giants NUMBER st game of da nfll season n da mavs beat the lakers without dirk all is well till playoff picture is painted HASHTAG	
negative	mama jan hes been there since common denominator she ca n't leave a little peiece of kidrauhl will be gone NUMBER	
positive	USER what if gangnam style brought the sun for brazil kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk very hot here i love u NUMBER	
positive	off to carrow road saturday to see the mighty canaries shit all over stoke HAPPY angry bloke will no doubt be sat behind me again !	
positive	join us for worship on sunday NUMBER NUMBER and enjoy the dance ministry and joyful noise at both services TIME and TIME .	
negative	lakers gonna lose to the clippers tomorrow and gonna think the world is over . relax y'all okay but not gonna win the west	
positive	i love that HASHTAG is ranked NUMBER th ... spot light is off us and we can roll right into the national championship watch out HASHTAG	
positive	omg roosies on a thursday is the best ever drunk chelsea happy chelsea	
positive	so excited to be in philly til the NUMBER th i miss so much	
negative	community does n't come on until february now lego lotr does n't come out for two more weeks now now no parks and rec tonight ? ! HASHTAG	
positive	hey all you pretty little liars fans ! let 's trend HASHTAG ... sunday october NUMBER th	
positive	oh yeah i'm totally excited for tina fey and amy poehler to host the golden globes in january they 're amazingly funny women ! HASHTAG	
negative	yeah it 's most likely that i wo n't be able to go to the game tomorrow in tucson unless i get a last minute ride ... . HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER nov NUMBER th steelers game is military day my brother a former marine will b there he 's excited NUMBER know u will b singing the anthem	
positive	come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct NUMBER th frm NUMBER NUMBER w aja dreamteam hqb dsb hib leave the bullshit at the door	
negative	NUMBER ersparadise hop pick your poison eliminating vernon davis comes with a price bee blog mon NUMBER oct NUMBER NUMBER ... WEBSITE	
positive	tina fey named golden globe host ... .mmmmmmmm i may just have to watch that .	
positive	i was USER when they were unbeaten playing osu to be in the running for the national championship this saturday 's game is bigger HASHTAG	
positive	here 's the full info for friday 's pats game ! ! HAPPY breast cancer awareness night friday post game skate on the ... WEBSITE	
positive	NUMBER of NUMBER ... and despite what you may have seen on tv the jersey shore is a place beloved by and home to many many good people ...	
negative	santorum had tingles down his spine watching NUMBER st debate WEBSITE i never want to see santorum and tingles that close	
positive	yes mam ! it certainly is a beautifully blessed sunday ! may u all hav a great day ! love ya sista roll tide !	
positive	USER he went to the camp nou on sunday to watch the el clasico ! ! luck him ! ! i hope u can guess who it is WINK pic .twitter .com ecsseimd	
negative	i love the niners this sandy thing was a bust now i have to work tomorrow HASHTAG	
positive	what ? the jaguars may trade to get tim tebow from the jets ? god is good teams still want him HASHTAG	
negative	the devil inside with USER we may die .	
positive	USER please justin follow me ! hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see u in paris for the NUMBER st time ! je t'aime NUMBER HAPPY	
negative	my dads all buying beds for the house in wisconsin like bitch i have n't been there since NUMBER th grade	
positive	HASHTAG emile heskey celebrates with team mate ruben zadkovich newcastle australia october NUMBER ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	tomorrow is my return to pca basketball ! ! ! good to be back with USER USER again ! !	
positive	USER it was nice meeting you looking forward to partying with u at the bachelor party nov NUMBER th USER USER	
positive	USER come support the show movement at parkdale high school on oct NUMBER th from NUMBER NUMBER w aja dreamteam hqb dsb hib .	
positive	USER yep ! thank you ! you 'll have to venture down to durham a week on friday now WINK setting up one in sunderland very soon HASHTAG	
positive	omg saturday at NUMBER p .s i love you premieres on abc family .	
positive	woohoo ! this will be the best ggs ever ! mt USER tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe jan NUMBER . WEBSITE	
positive	USER and hey tomorrows friday we all get on xbox and we all enjoy a little sesh on mw NUMBER you down ?	
positive	good saturday afternoon workout ... by myself ! that 's how i grind nowadays at the playground with aaliyah now HASHTAG	
positive	just the fact that he has the title ambassador should be cool factor enough to make you come see jon huntsman on wednesday at NUMBER pm !	
negative	bay head n .j . boston nov NUMBER reuters the people of the jersey shore may feel alone in the world right now t ... WEBSITE	
positive	speaking of kanye he 's a genius like he may make stupid choices sometimes but his way of thinking is amazing .	
negative	tyrann mathieu may have fucked up his career we know jordan jefferson bum ass did cuz he ca n't throw smh .	
negative	i may be in the slowest check out line ever lady gotta honey badger haircut and do n't give a damn .	
negative	i think the hawks defense allow to many NUMBER rd and longs the offense does not convert enough NUMBER rd downs an elite defense should d able NUMBER hold	
positive	i watched joyful noise for the NUMBER th time it keeps getting better and better great actor and a better artists USER HAPPY	
positive	great class tonight ! ! you all brought it NUMBER i was dripping before the pushups tonight ... see you tomorrow for zumba at TIME	
positive	USER i know u may not have time but any chance me and the mrs can grab a photo at newcastle arena tomorrow ? HASHTAG	
positive	zumba ! ! ! ! have you tried it yet ? next session begins november NUMBER th ! sign up now great way to keep up your cardio ... WEBSITE	
positive	i am pretty excited to be going to indiana tomorrow ! HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	cowboys gone beat the falcons sunday night	
positive	USER do it ! i'm one of those rare natural california blondes open after .nov NUMBER . HAPPY would love some ct anyways .	
negative	here 's video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost florida a shot at the national championship WEBSITE	
negative	romney falsely claimed he saw his father march with mlk jr WEBSITE anything he wo n't lie about ?	
positive	i ca n't wait til saturday ! i 'll be there NUMBER the pregame show tomorrow i love college gameday i'm glad gameday is here at lsu ! ! geaux tigers !	
positive	looking forward to tomorrow night HAPPY the man who sold the world david bowie the NUMBER 's showroom workstation WEBSITE	
positive	USER please cani have a tweet or retweet because it is my NUMBER th birthday thank you love you zayn malik	
positive	i'm just waiting for tomorrow because andy is going to make a triple double ! USER USER	
positive	USER pats fan here how long are you in tampa ? i fly in friday night considering your budget i 'd love to buy you a cigar ! HASHTAG	
positive	i have a whole day of history gcse tomorrow great !	
positive	this christmas all i'm asking for is a trip to watch miss america in january it 's the only thing i want .	
negative	all my thoughts and prayers go out to sergei bubka jr who fell from the NUMBER rd floor apartment in paris .	
negative	babe just left to tucson EMONEG wo n't see him till saturday HASHTAG	
positive	after saturday bama 's tide want be rollin any more geaux tigers !	
positive	happy all saints day one of our freshman led us in beautiful litany of the saints today tomorrow we ... WEBSITE	
positive	huge day of nba tomorrow whoop league pass is awesome .	
positive	set your dvr 's vcr 's USER is scheduled to make her guest appearance on NUMBER rock next thursday !	
positive	ca n't wait for tomorrow night 's welcome to the underworld party i love halloween ! the question is what ... WEBSITE	
negative	my guess is that the huntsman endorsement is a negative in the NUMBER th district race WEBSITE HASHTAG	
negative	may jus have to fuck with those hawks tomorrow ! niggas luv a deal	
positive	hawks vs rockets today hawks vs thunder sunday .so glad the nba is back	
negative	that USER ride along with les miles was the most awkward piece of television ever NUMBER nd place is this hello piece .	
positive	going to the mall tomorrow to get some xbox live for tuesday and maybe some edo 's i wish i could have that stuff all day HASHTAG	
positive	USER USER soton v everton originally sat NUMBER pm NUMBER th jan rescheduled for the monday NUMBER pm nice one sky HASHTAG	
negative	USER big ben had the best rookie year out of all those quarterbacks and when he one his NUMBER nd super bowl had a terrible line	
positive	wondering how much i love my lakers PRICE for two lower level tickets when they play the mavs on nov NUMBER th ! ! thinking really hard about it ...	
positive	USER is so damn cute ! ! ! NUMBER day to go directioners ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it 's coming out at NUMBER tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! ! liam NUMBER mm morning WEBSITE	
positive	friday has arrived i have to admit that rebecca black 's song does n't sound so lame when it 's actually friday .	
negative	the devil inside may be the worst movie i 've ever seen .	
negative	everything is the same with the heat lebron ca n't play in the NUMBER th heat fans are still cocky as fuck and chris bosh still a raptor ! ! ! !	
positive	i wish USER was going to cowboys tomorrow i miss her .	
positive	thank fuck it 's friday to all the lads off to newcastle have a good one wish i was coming with ya HASHTAG	
negative	report steelers ca n't find hotel to travel sun . the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new york only hours before playing the giants ...	
negative	let 's all talk shit about the thunder at school tomorrow now since they talk too much about the lakers .	
positive	geaux tigers ! ! ! come and tailgate with us at our neighborhood tailgate party saturday and enjoy yourselves to some bloody marys and mimosas .	
positive	USER take silver at the hib cup great day see you all USER for the boogie starting tomorrow	
positive	had a great day on set of my new show on fox HASHTAG it premieres monday during sweeps ... fingers crossed ! USER HASHTAG	
positive	alex smith earned his NUMBER st career nfc offensive player of the week honor after completing NUMBER of NUMBER passes i can still taste the HASHTAG	
positive	over the last few months i 've really gotten to get a better knowledge of mitt romney he may not be rick santorum but he still has my vote	
positive	is tim tebow dating camilla belle ? everyone is interested in tim tebow some people may not like him but you ha ... WEBSITE	
positive	i have one awesome boyfriend who sat and watched jersey shore with me just to make me happy HAPPY	
positive	USER its midnight here in brazil so happy NUMBER rd birthday hope you enjoy your day and never stop being this amazing girl you are NUMBER	
positive	USER thnks for the fb ! special HASHTAG buy three bundles get NUMBER th on us ! send five customers to receive free affiliate bundles !	
positive	USER ca n't wait to see you saturday ! texas is ready for you HAPPY	
negative	tomorrow i have zumba but i'm not really feeling it	
positive	USER tyler has a hockey game in the burg lockwood arena NUMBER pm tomorrow night HAPPY HASHTAG ?	
positive	its thursday and u know what that means ! greys anatomy ! ! and i 've heard that USER is brilliant tonight which is even better ! !	
positive	holy c NUMBER w just in time for halloween we got the possession aug NUMBER HASHTAG oct NUMBER i hope to god that 'll be better than devil inside !	
positive	hawks game tomorrow ... i'm fuckin wit it	
positive	best part of friendship with USER thursday convos are shut down in time for NUMBER rock .	
positive	daniel radcliffe was sooo attractive in the NUMBER rd and NUMBER th films omg im in love	
positive	the xfactorusa result 's show will be aired in the philippines tomorrow night ! USER will definitely be in the top NUMBER ! good night !	
negative	i kicked off type NUMBER diabetes awareness day with a high blood sugar thanks to too many chocolates last night well there 's always tomorrow .	
positive	nice day in tucson again WEBSITE	
positive	white collar returns with new episodes in january ... happy camper tweet .	
positive	we are on our way to USER to start setting up ready for saturday bonfire fireworks .a great HASHTAG display are you going ?	
positive	end of the NUMBER nd NUMBER NUMBER jason for all NUMBER keep it up boys !	
positive	USER garrett you are awesome and it was so cool talking to you tonight ! david bowie forever m see you tomorrow hombre .	
positive	who had two thumbs and is the happiest girl in the world because she might get greys anatomy season NUMBER tomorrow ? oh yeah thats me ! WINK	
negative	just do n't understand tob thought he would come out and est some running game in the NUMBER nd half than go play action on an aggressive unc	
positive	USER so disappointing on a lighter note get excited for baj tomorrow i'm editing now and it relates to jordan jefferson	
positive	opportunity sat ii a wolverine w puts us in the orange bowl i hope the staff brings a right attitude so the boys can play loose and fast !	
positive	gonna change my tumblr theme i hope i can finish it later so that tomorrow i can practice my performance on english monologue HAPPY	
