positive	gas by my house hit PRICE ! ! ! ! i'm going to chapel hill on sat HAPPY	
negative	iranian general says israel 's iron dome ca n't deal with their missiles keep talking like that and we may end up finding out	
positive	with j davlar NUMBER th main rivals are team poland hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow .	
negative	talking about act 's sat 's deciding where i want to go to college applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out .	
negative	they may have a superbowl in dallas but dallas ai n't winning a superbowl not with that quarterback and owner USER USER	
positive	one ticket left for the USER game tomorrow ! do n't miss the rematch of the nfc championship game against the ny giants ! hit me up !	
positive	never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow ... tomorrow never comes ... if it means anything to u act now ! HASHTAG	
positive	good morning thursday life is fragile we 're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you 've got . tim cook do it for jobs !	
positive	HASHTAG mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata ! ! ! WEBSITE	
negative	my teachers call themselves givng us candy ... was n't even the good stuff i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow	
negative	homegrown talent missing on signing day throughout most of the day on wednesday the video scoreboard ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june NUMBER th ? most perf news i 've heard all night .	
positive	the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st paul plenty of room here so we 're NUMBER th row center plenty of room pretty fired up	
positive	USER on november NUMBER be ready to head to the movies breaking dawn part NUMBER WINK	
positive	tomorrow shall consist of watching will ferrell films with my fave people and chinese food sweet .	
positive	i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu 's new collection so charlotte rampling in the night WEBSITE	
positive	amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble faculty jazz combo ! do n't miss tomorrow night ... WEBSITE	
positive	capello says time for russia to win big match russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to ... WEBSITE	
positive	kick off your weekend with service ! ev ! 's get on the bus trip to the boys girls club is friday from NUMBER NUMBER ! hope to see you there HAPPY	
positive	USER lmfao alright u got me there good job parker and the spurs see y'all jan NUMBER th if i get an extra ticket to that game ur goin	
negative	desperation day february NUMBER th the most well known day in all mens life .	
negative	USER damn next saturday tho niggas was trynna get shit over with HASHTAG	
positive	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle ...	
positive	drew peterson is HASHTAG no more ! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at NUMBER NUMBER c WEBSITE	
positive	pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown ! women 's preview WEBSITE men 's preview WEBSITE	
positive	saeed HASHTAG bep ricky martin and kt tunstall ! great songs to get you through your sunday ! hate the rain ! ! WEBSITE	
positive	omg ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man .	
negative	noel gallagher musicians are fucking idiots . yeah brian may he 's an idiot ... an idiot who just so happens to be a professor ?	
positive	HASHTAG michael jackson she 's out of my life live at wembley july NUMBER WEBSITE l .o .v .e it ! HASHTAG	
negative	niggas be on the lakers dick ... we still gon finish damn near first seed ... while yo team be struggling for the NUMBER th spot	
positive	i'm in the bathroom bumping niggas in paris crunk ass hell like it 's my NUMBER st time hearing it this song will never get old lol	
positive	NUMBER th album out HASHTAG HASHTAG NUMBER grammy awards NUMBER amas NUMBER bmi awards ! reigning entertainer of the year acm ! HASHTAG	
positive	it 's midnight on the east coast which means its USER birthday ! happy NUMBER th birthday nick j ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! NUMBER	
negative	apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company 's error ridden new mobile map ...	
positive	we are here USER for our NUMBER th anniversary celebration you still have time to make it NUMBER s king dr	
positive	love how i skipped every category of the nta 's besides the soaps could n't give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow .	
negative	esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday HASHTAG	
negative	USER the sun paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna HASHTAG	
negative	obviously i am not a fan of dream high NUMBER and i have n't even watched it ! well i watched the NUMBER st ep that 's where i heard that song !	
positive	black history fact marsalis is the NUMBER st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year and to repeat the next yr	
positive	watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the NUMBER nd most brilliant thing i 've seen tonight .	
positive	the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two tone dress by USER ! WEBSITE	
positive	guys the marijuana law in colorado oregon and washington can pass this tuesday HASHTAG	
positive	breezin' won the best pop instrumental performance at the NUMBER th grammy awards	
negative	not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i'm getting ready for the party help .	
positive	text from my dad you like charles dickens NUMBER obvs looking at my amazon wish list too late for sunday NUMBER why th surprise ? !	
negative	upset alert in acc men 's soccer HASHTAG maryland down NUMBER NUMBER to wake forest late in the NUMBER nd ... and down a man after an earlier red card .	
negative	really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd HASHTAG	
positive	mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t shirt no really dr saturday yahoo ! sports WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	happy valentine 's day ! ! ! USER everyday is the NUMBER th !	
positive	just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis ... good fun for a wednesday HASHTAG	
positive	han mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high NUMBER je meurs LAUGH dd	
negative	with all benson 's attention frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild lets 'founding father' him so he know we will never forget NUMBER nd place .	
negative	police protesters clash at republic day march in turkey on a day marking the NUMBER th anniversary of the founding ... WEBSITE	
positive	i will be participating in a google hangout with USER tomorrow ! i'm super excited ! check it out WEBSITE	
positive	aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in NUMBER st nba game ... but it 's against my boys lets go spurs ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	the glass may be rising but it 's not getting any warmer here lago del desierto argentina WEBSITE	
positive	fabio capello from what i 've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow HASHTAG	
negative	parker leonard steal okc 's thunder ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at t center oklahoma ci ... WEBSITE	
negative	i may be the only girl on the face of the earth that does n't find channing tatum attractive HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	games played during the week are now more interesting than super sunday !	
negative	give me NUMBER mins with candy the dancer from deja vu i'm nutting on my NUMBER th pump she that bad lol	
positive	USER do you know ? they may not but we 're so fond of all the countries uh happy republic day .	
positive	USER cof cof someone is going to germany on november NUMBER ... oh i really envy you HAPPY WEBSITE	
positive	thank you snow for cancelling classes today now you may stop snowing so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow i 'd really appreciate it	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG pitch in on the new birthday party super bowl sunday treat WEBSITE	
positive	think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington ...	
negative	honesty is often best policy fabio capello russia coach i was hoping ronaldo 's injury was more serious so he could n't play tomorrow .	
negative	this is austin rivers NUMBER st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill !	
positive	the woman in black the legendary ghost thriller touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november december more ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER frankie i think i'm gonna have a date with my bed tomorrow me same . that 's my boy	
positive	pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace WEBSITE	
negative	axl rose needs to just give up now not later not soon not tomorrow now !	
positive	happy halloween ! ! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen get to take my boys out tonight ! yay ! !	
negative	i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that NUMBER st half of total wank ? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat HASHTAG	
positive	happy valentines day NUMBER ... only if you live in brazil otherwise its just another irritating monday .	
positive	USER saturday i buy my ticket for the HASHTAG in belgium ! i'm so happy ! ! ! !	
positive	this goes way too fast o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert NUMBER october NUMBER NUMBER one of the best day of my life LAUGH	
negative	how many continents was the challenge filmed on ? NUMBER ? okay what did you fail NUMBER nd grade ?	
positive	USER were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at NUMBER am they told us to bring boots and gloves all are welcome .	
positive	david letterman had an interesting show on monday he is located in new york city because of the hurricane he ... WEBSITE	
positive	november my birthday month election day a weekend in san fran with USER naples for thanksgiving lots of friends family yes .	
negative	i 've been on tv a few times now still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though starting to think i may be too famous .	
positive	USER i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning giants vs pittsburgh on sunday HASHTAG	
positive	wwe HASHTAG should be interesting next week the road dogg returned to wwe at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday	
positive	kendrick perkins led the league for the NUMBER th year in a row in spm scowls per minute literally laughed out loud	
positive	eli manning best NUMBER th quarter qb in the game !	
negative	i feel do bad . my boo asia bday event maybe cancelled for this sunday ! ... i was soooo looking forward to it	
positive	shit yeah it 's thursday russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on	
positive	pretty good thursday night with USER ! if only rivers would stop sucking so bad ! qualcomm stadium WEBSITE	
positive	i'm so good at gambling i just owned las vegas leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework not a bad week .	
positive	had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting she is such a ... WEBSITE	
positive	apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company HASHTAG erro ... WEBSITE	
positive	new die hard movie coming out feb NUMBER . looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date o	
positive	i liked a USER video WEBSITE anonymous remember remember the NUMBER th of november	
positive	me 'ill bring your birthday card in on friday' kane 'aw really ? it 's the thought that counts i 'd prefer a tv' twat	
positive	gotta go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever	
negative	kobe in the NUMBER th is like eli manning HASHTAG	
negative	scariest man alive kendrick perkins is close NUMBER nd USER ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice	
negative	sundays in the sag is like a friday in idaho ... boring as fuck !	
positive	if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl HASHTAG	
positive	procrastinating i need to get ready for the NUMBER th district chicago police rally against violence chi town cheer will be performing king dr .	
negative	will you have lunch with me tomorrow night ? random hoe that 's hitting on castle nooooooooo beckett	
positive	USER happy NUMBER th birthday nick j ! hope it 's one of the best ! you 've accomplished so much already ... and so much more to come love you !	
positive	HASHTAG when i was born on that day it was the NUMBER nd day of chinese new year immediately i gotten lots of redpacket LAUGH	
negative	work almost over with then these negros wo n't see my face till monday night !	
positive	i 'll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday	
positive	i hope i can get a ticket to the HASHTAG concert in belgium ! ! ! you ca n't order them till saturday ! pfff ... s	
negative	NUMBER rd and goal at the NUMBER and rivers throws a int terrible pass by rivers bad decisions cost u games geez half time sd NUMBER NUMBER	
positive	egypt 's morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran tehran aug NUMBER egypt 's mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER is on the radio instead mt USER it 's the first week without any waterloo road going to be a boring thursday .	
negative	USER lmao from a garage in boro my mate went in for drink on sunday night but they would n't serve him because it was too late so	
positive	ground hog day is such a good film sunday is for food and films HASHTAG	
positive	if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun you 'd have san fran kinda love it .	
negative	niggas was really fighting at the gas station sat night tho	
negative	USER next wednesday going to the disney one no chance avril will go to the universal night HASHTAG	
positive	USER i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay ! i did n't see you wednesday HAPPY	
positive	yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december NUMBER th . WINK i must have it ! !	
positive	lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald 's breakfast tomorrow with USER HASHTAG	
positive	USER forget about dook now we own that series anyways ! let 's beat state this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season .	
positive	long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully gonna get the big buck we caught on cam at least we got USER playing in the chevy ! NUMBER	
positive	looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin amigo best eagles tribute band around HASHTAG	
positive	USER happy valentine 's day my love . november is coming NUMBER	
positive	pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india islamabad nov NUMBER ians pakistan has approved a liberalised v ... WEBSITE	
negative	fabio capello russia 's head coach wishes cristiano 's injury was more serious russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq	
negative	i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl .	
positive	USER happy thursday ! enjoyed the show so much last night watched NUMBER x HASHTAG ! ! have a great day my greek !	
negative	the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night it 's my last night in fl for a min	
positive	loved the hair style from friday 's jason wu HASHTAG show ? we 're giving you the step by step to recreate the look WEBSITE	
positive	dad what are you going to do in athens tomorrow ? me nothing dad oh ok have fun i like my father .	
negative	do n't be surprised if we end up waiting until november NUMBER th to find out who the next potus is ... HASHTAG	
positive	asia stocks mostly up on us china data asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u .s and chi ...	
positive	celebrate the chinese new year in HASHTAG around february and see a dragon dance during the spring festival ! amazing experience !	
negative	disappointing to see the uk govt issueing reassuring messages to tehran WEBSITE maybe they were influenced by USER HAPPY	
negative	just bought my NUMBER st heineken beer in las vegas ps i 've lived here for NUMBER yrs what took me so long ! pic .twitter .com wxvobdek	
positive	USER ca n't wait for the new series starts on sunday over here in britain HASHTAG	
positive	published a new blog entry november NUMBER otherwise known as sheila the great in art in the county . WEBSITE	
positive	dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt 's first elected president after the glorious NUMBER th of jan revolution congratulations	
positive	northern lights sale on thursday great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue ! genomics the full packages ! view catalogue online !	
positive	billy cundiff may be leaving washington hopefully he wo n't miss the door on the way out .	
positive	i think bowen and cofield will be better in NUMBER nd yr and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason but those are unhatched eggs	
negative	news release NUMBER october NUMBER customers of the negros sub grid experienced a partial outage today at TIME pm cont WEBSITE	
negative	i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle and christmas trending on november NUMBER st ...	
positive	USER HASHTAG good . and who is the NUMBER rd ? valentine 's day ? or ?	
negative	USER a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband but may only do so with her bare hands hong kong	
positive	russell howard then cuckoo then celebrity juice then family guy thursday night is the best night for comedy	
positive	hey USER members did you miss your shot at leonard cohen tix this morning on USER USER will have more for you on sunday !	
positive	i wish i was out md i wanna bear on negros shit is fun going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl	
negative	nick diaz said he would fight gsp tomorrow if the ufc asked except you know they would n't ... because you 're suspended ...	
positive	first tweet ever loving san diego ! busy day like always and ready for USER on fuel tv tomorrow .	
positive	new icon i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pics cause she is just too beautiful	
positive	dr mohammed morsi announced as egypt 's first elected president after the glorious NUMBER th of jan revolution ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER only you can answer before i try ! there 's on wp NUMBER a way to call NUMBER rd p apps ? like intents on android i wanna switch to wp !	
negative	protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow loeb theater TIME pm bring a friend ! HASHTAG	
positive	dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt 's NUMBER st elected president after the glorious NUMBER th of jan revolution congratulations to HASHTAG !	
positive	nebraska placed a nation leading nine players on the first ever senior bowl watch list released saturday ... WEBSITE	
positive	playing USER all day to prep for tomorrow 's concert at fort canning go baby go go !	
positive	USER if the potus wins NUMBER nd term is n't that nj gov gonna go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape NUMBER NUMBER	
negative	watching my favourite USER behind the scenes for the NUMBER th time when jennifer hudson goes awol 'excuse me what the hell is going on ? ! '	
positive	fabio capello from what i 've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow .	
positive	photo fab find ! jason wu satin scarlet clutch at off NUMBER th ! whoop whoop ! taken with instagram WEBSITE	
negative	time for james harden NUMBER points to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the NUMBER th HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	success saturday having a great time at the NUMBER th annual girlfriend group celebration ! USER wood USER cofield USER maddox	
positive	sag for life stacey april gabriel irieapril HASHTAG happy wedding day gabe ! north star ballroom WEBSITE	
positive	the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too ! dammit starz site says january	
positive	thanks to jesus cvs my mom my mary ... i was able to kick this flu in NUMBER week ! now to make it w out my maryjane until monday ! HASHTAG	
positive	USER USER just saw jennifer hudson on NUMBER th street she looks great ! ! super skinny	
negative	nfl commissioner roger goodell says he may cancel the pro bowl WEBSITE would you care if there was no pro bowl ?	
positive	recap i saw bad NUMBER on tuesday the spike lee documentary on michael jackson it was beyond amazing it was only showing for NUMBER days .	
positive	harry styles rocking lyle and scott he may only be NUMBER ... but be honest you wish you had his life . USER	
positive	february NUMBER th the day before and best buddy to valentines day desperation day	
negative	we 're experiencing some issues with fuel tv ch NUMBER should be back up friday or monday .	
positive	kpop will psy be the first korean to win a grammy ? psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards gangnam sty ... WEBSITE	
positive	sticks and stones may break my bones but rugby does it better !	
negative	is it evil to laugh when a NUMBER rd grader reads a short story and at least five times mistakes the name becky for blocky ? HASHTAG	
negative	WEBSITE visit to HASHTAG by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist	
positive	yay payday today and i 'll be in austin tomorrow nite to see leonard cohen ! ! ! i gotsa four day weekend on my hands ! ! happy fukn halloween ! !	
positive	long princeton and diggy HASHTAG happy valentine 's day yn ... february NUMBER it 's been NUMBER m WEBSITE via USER	
positive	hey daryl ! great connecting at anti HASHTAG colorado excited to have you in next issue deadline is nov NUMBER th USER	
negative	niggas was really on some NUMBER th grade shit tonight	
negative	toi israel admits NUMBER killing of arafat 's deputy israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility ... WEBSITE	
positive	thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens ! awesome night ! ! !	
negative	USER get USER on february for valentine 's day the suave fuckers	
positive	USER out with the old in with the new shown good discipline in the NUMBER st NUMBER rounds tonight frankie kept a cool head ! HASHTAG	
positive	ca n't believe USER is only NUMBER days older than me ! ca n't wait to see him again tomorrow with USER at fort canning singapore ! !	
positive	we 're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow nov NUMBER night at the boys and girls club in pottstown it will start at ... WEBSITE	
positive	lucky shops are coming to nyc ! the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson starts november NUMBER ...	
negative	buffalo bills' kyle williams misses practice thursday for a second straight day buffalo bills ... WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	i go on channel NUMBER to see what the weather is gonna be like tomorrow and taylor swift singing . HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	miss those days when all the relatives would just gather at NUMBER th uncle house and celebrate chinese new year i guess it 'll not happen agn	
positive	hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day i hope to see you all post about it ! ! hahahaha	
negative	HASHTAG ben amos is a doubt for tonight 's hull city game vs doncaster NUMBER nd round league cup with a groin problem .	
negative	on october NUMBER NUMBER i told taylor swift i would n't listen to her until she wrote about something else one year later and here we are still .	
negative	oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was NUMBER st in the race ... EMONEG HASHTAG	
negative	USER of others ... jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person ... its too late for you ... fuckhead	
positive	good to see flacco showing some fight in the NUMBER nd half that 's about all i can ask for at this point .	
positive	halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year 's eve and super bowl sunday	
positive	i 'll stop loving jennette on the NUMBER st feb february has only NUMBER days so it does n't count NUMBER	
positive	awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht ... previews coming soon ...	
positive	mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursday 's show ... i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory	
positive	USER dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt 's NUMBER st elected president after the glorious NUMBER th of jan revolution congratulations to HASHTAG	
positive	going to finish watching the vow tomorrow its such a cute movie c	
positive	bad girls club mexico ... is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other i ca n't wait until monday d	
positive	proper buzzing to watch the vow with USER tomorrow WINK	
negative	NUMBER rd mariah song of the night and nooooooooo that was so bad HASHTAG	
positive	tomorrow our opportunity to love continues the boys girls club NUMBER jefferson meet us there at NUMBER am w boots and gloves if possible .	
positive	having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever	
negative	i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow ... but nooooooooo i have to go to catch up day because i failed my fcking french test	
negative	i'm not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside no slot and does n't disappear like he did sunday	
positive	USER may your day be full of joy and happiness ! happy birthday nick j HAPPY	
negative	should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time .	
negative	niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow you wont catchh me there !	
negative	hackers have already defeated windows NUMBER and readwrite mobile ranked it NUMBER th in interface design behind ios and android .	
negative	so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and wanna talk ? wtf ? o HASHTAG	
positive	watching the NUMBER nd punisher wish they 'd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle	
positive	that movie flight with denzel looks really good ! may have to go check it out	
positive	and then on tuesday wednesday its champions league match day NUMBER i think ? ? or it might be NUMBER ... im not sure wooooo hooooo	
positive	just did spartacus NUMBER . NUMBER and sauna ... imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it	
negative	the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow that 's when i 'll get worried about my family living right on oneida lake .	
positive	cannot wait to play san fran on sunday if we can beat them at home for the nfc championship we can beat them now .	
negative	USER and then both teams took dumps in the NUMBER nd round of the big dance ku flaming out against ucla mizzou losing to northern iowa .	
negative	cupid did so much work da NUMBER st time that he do n't wanna be my friend no more	
negative	i will not be able to handle harry 's voice in kiss you ... and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety .	
positive	incredible pass from vick to kyle williams williams out jumps carr in the end zone NUMBER NUMBER in NUMBER nd .	
negative	USER damn i do n't wanna get on my computer tomorrow EMONEG my harry feels are out of control and the outtakes video broke me	
positive	USER congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace 's and rosie 's NUMBER st anniversary of a visit of your show how	
positive	tomorrow ... i'm on the air live at TIME on wjct radio then on tv taping for good morning jacksonville at TIME HASHTAG	
positive	celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night . keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha	
positive	waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice HASHTAG	
positive	northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale sale of elite female holstein jerseys ! a real treat of a sale ! no trick !	
negative	happy valentine 's day is trending ? ? ? but ... it 's not even february ?	
positive	hi memi ! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag ! would you be available for a sun any sun in dec rather than nov NUMBER th ? i just learned ...	
positive	this sunday come watch the ravens take on the browns and help support the baltimore humane society ! captain ... WEBSITE	
positive	my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email .	
positive	how badly i miss andy carroll knowing that the derby game is tomorrow he always played very well and scored against blue noses .	
negative	HASHTAG apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company HASHTAG ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER you should attend USER champs this fri sat sun top NUMBER roller derby teams in the world we play indianapolis NUMBER pm friday ! ! !	
positive	premier league west ham v man city on saturday our preview looks at the stats has some interesting betting tips WEBSITE	
positive	USER i preordered it on thursday friday at midnight the night it came able to pre order love you and frankie xpic .twitter .com pp NUMBER ozzaa	
positive	USER USER USER USER USER go boro ! may the force be with you from the NUMBER st second to the last !	
positive	USER congratulations kendall in germany it is NUMBER clock friday november NUMBER so happy b day	
negative	kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports .	
negative	friday 's cnet update is playing one republic apple ceo says sorry for ios NUMBER map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was extremely sorr	
positive	tomorrow is going to be a fun filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring HASHTAG	
positive	so proud of USER for the huge upset against maryland time for us to do the same tomorrow night HASHTAG	
positive	rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness come along friday to kilkenny rfc at NUMBER to try it out	
positive	i just remembered 'niggas in paris' is a song delighted ! what a saturday ! HASHTAG	
positive	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness ? find out how with USER in san fran in dec WEBSITE pls rt !	
positive	takbir ! ! dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt 's NUMBER st elected president after the glorious NUMBER th of jan revolution congratulations to egypt !	
negative	gop has set the bar very low with a NUMBER th cycle promoting a grossly un american idea potus as elected autocrat HASHTAG	
negative	ca n't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny coni report baages wait watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope .	
positive	HASHTAG this saturday USER will be turnt to the max ! come see me and USER rock out ! NUMBER th and king dr ! ! pic .twitter .com NUMBER fmupli	
positive	man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence afc in the league conceded NUMBER . NUMBER p game against the best attack utd scored NUMBER . NUMBER p game	
positive	watching sunday 's harry and paul good it is too well observed and fearsomely dry .	
positive	was thinking of harry redknapp for the USER job for the past few days now would be an absolute coup ! c'mon shebby !	
negative	this bitch USER just put frog back on lmfao throw back thursday	
negative	no you may not kick it . tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff	
positive	happy valentine 's day to you that may have one	
negative	my body is exhausted i walked from NUMBER th and jeffery to the lakefront where i accidentally sat on dead fish to NUMBER th and king dr and back .	
positive	niggas in paris was playing in the waiting room at the clinic and this old lady sat tapping her walking stick and bobbing her head so cute .	
negative	and to the NUMBER girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time why did you even come ? HASHTAG	
positive	loved the hair style from friday 's jason wu new york fashion week show ? we 're giving you the step by step to ... WEBSITE	
negative	too soon ? amazon opens black friday deals store thanksgiving is weeks away the world series only ended on sund ... WEBSITE	
positive	went to see 'the mystery of charles dickens' at the playhouse theatre west end last thursday starring simon callow it 's a must see !	
positive	oh yay ! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow ! ! ! ! woot woot ! HASHTAG	
positive	this may be a little forward ... secret country but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert blake ... WEBSITE	
positive	it 's so early here in germany my american friends are just now getting drunk off to prague knuckleheads ! talk to you on sunday ! HASHTAG	
positive	USER cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you HAPPY NUMBER	
positive	USER lol you mean pronounce it ? idk either ... hmm ... i like to say it like 'hair may' or 'hair mess' lmfao idk okay LAUGH	
positive	apple ceo apologizes for error ridden new map app video apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company ... WEBSITE	
positive	congrats to dj 's NUMBER rd grade team going to the superbowl ! i 'll be there cheering .	
positive	big game for USER tomorrow away vs the knicks at msg personally think knicks will win ... first game msg crowd sandy disaster ...	
negative	i'm assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today	
positive	goodnight ! big day ! tomorrow i'm at the school to TIME argentina time because i stay to the mallin ! tomorrow i 'll tell you what is that !	
positive	today is national kissing day coz it 's no work day tomorrow ! ! !	
positive	this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill HAPPY HASHTAG	
negative	in NUMBER hours i know if im gonna see the boys live on may NUMBER st ! ! omgg im sooo scared for tomorrow !	
positive	awesome response guys ! the correct answer is sam gagner and brendan smith all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday ! HASHTAG	
negative	USER lorenzo beasley he was killed on july NUMBER th of last year on the corner of NUMBER rd and king dr HASHTAG NUMBER	
positive	USER would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday ? p so far tarzan and the notebook is on the list LAUGH	
positive	rivers to gates for only the NUMBER rd time this season keep it up chiefs fantasy teams need you	
negative	watched the vow for the NUMBER th time and i'm still tearing what 's wrong with this movie it 's tooo ... omg i ca n't even .	
positive	egypt HASHTAG president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t ... WEBSITE	
positive	kurt convey wins the boys race in TIME with nick diaz coming in NUMBER nd around TIME rounding out the top NUMBER was kenny castro .	
positive	fyi the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his NUMBER st piece of candy to is our producer director chris koch 's gorgeous daughter !	
negative	realized that i 've just spent halloween super bowl sunday and my last two birthdays either in the library or in a computer lab ...	
positive	enjoyed the flotus today in fl ! USER u r brilliant ... simply put ! glad i voted saturday HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	tonight 's never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again HAPPY ca n't wait to download it tomorrow	
positive	cant wait to see flight on saturday denzel is one of the best actors in the world alongside leo and de niro	
positive	now y'all know all that halloween candy is gonna be on clearance tomorrow ... you can save it for valentine 's day HAPPY	
negative	USER as a point flacco had a NUMBER . NUMBER qbr last sunday even vet qb had a bad day .	
positive	going to the georgetown game on friday ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	sophia grace and rosie we know one of your songs ! ! the sun comes down na na na na USER WEBSITE	
positive	come out and have some laughs with me spartacus and max at caroline 's comedy club this wednesday october NUMBER th ! ... WEBSITE	
negative	fuck you band that covered it on friday night and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk .	
positive	february NUMBER th is a nice time to release it its the week of the grammys too albums sell that week .	
positive	the landlord from will ferrell .avi WEBSITE via USER this will cure the monday blues funny funny shit	
negative	cofield should have hopped off the dm sticks after his NUMBER rd year niggas was tired of him lol	
negative	you 'd think after not replying to the NUMBER rd text the twat face would get that i fucking hate him .	
positive	watching the vow for the NUMBER st time ! i NUMBER it ! already cried NUMBER times !	
positive	perfect weather to finish a great week .saw noel fielding 's show thursday at the ath meeting him would have made the week perfect !	
positive	USER USER and USER all on the jonathan ross show tonight terrif sat night in ! well done USER HASHTAG	
positive	i love the on time part USER axl rose shows up on time gives jimmy kimmel NUMBER st live tv interview in NUMBER years WEBSITE	
positive	ca n't wait to see 'flight' with denzel washington on tomorrow ! bam ! WINK	
positive	tomorrow the biggest name in music entertainment is on the show ! and no it 's not ricky martin who is it ? click WEBSITE	
positive	mizzou beats kentucky NUMBER NUMBER ! tigers advance to face top seed florida in the semis on friday at TIME p .m .	
positive	did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday ? good read WEBSITE	
positive	watchin step up NUMBER the NUMBER st one is the best with channing tatum as the main guy	
positive	just cus it 's friday here are NUMBER reasons why bill murray is awesome WEBSITE	
positive	USER eleanor that 's cool it would be great to see your pastel art WINK link to the painting i did on monday WEBSITE	
positive	thanks dave ! great show tonight sorry craig i 've got to get to bed i 'll catch you tomorrow USER david letterman	
negative	lmfaoasdfghjklomg i just saw a picture of jenelle from the NUMBER st day of school in NUMBER th grade . damn that nigga changed .	
positive	USER jean tomorrow is free kissing day ! HAPPY nothing just wanna tell you that	
positive	got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning a game between schalke bayern that marked the end of germany 's greatest ever side .	
positive	so this saturday fort canning with sweetheart HAPPY okay can ! yay ! !	
negative	USER just noticed you using the spanish abbreviation no sure no ? think you 're missing rafa mon brave	
negative	have to say i think jason taylor may have been robbed by the married duo tonight of blake miranda ...	
negative	NUMBER nd night parker has been on it ... boy oh boy	
positive	controversy aside the NUMBER games shown on tv for super sunday were great spectacles HASHTAG	
positive	applications are due this friday november NUMBER ! ! ! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as ... WEBSITE	
negative	i'm listening to the a capellas of the NUMBER nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is not that i did n't already know from his other albums	
positive	happy valentines day NUMBER ! ! ... yes in brazil it is celebrated on june NUMBER your mind blown !	
negative	refuse to admit that it 's NUMBER rd year bring on my groundhog day	
positive	cried for every episode of dream high NUMBER starting from episode NUMBER ! ! ! t t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode !	
negative	omg the music video comes out tomorrow ! btw i still ca n't get over harry 's voice WINK WEBSITE	
positive	NUMBER noel fielding comedy gala tonight HAPPY NUMBER work all day tomorrow NUMBER granny smith festival that night	
positive	had a 'low' moment ... then i thought why ? NUMBER wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world ... now i'm smiling NUMBER	
negative	gov mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated h WEBSITE	
positive	i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens maybe its just me lol	
negative	i always cry wen i listen to avril singing tomorrow in dublin i just remember everything bad happened to me EMONEG	
positive	hai USER please hear me LAUGH we want avril 's new single maybe just teaser NUMBER st it 'll oke for me !	
positive	there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs cougar town on a new network i ca n't wait till january HASHTAG HASHTAG ! ! !	
positive	USER u r a NUMBER star to the hog fans va NUMBER ! ! ! ! ! u got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville HASHTAG !	
positive	happy valentines day ? o .o say what ? is it feb NUMBER th already ?	
positive	HASHTAG comes out tomorrow torchlight is in my list of best games of all time i like it better than diablo iii NUMBER promises more .	
positive	USER kendrick lamar on sunday ! i'm going to rub in how good it was ...	
positive	i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow .	
positive	rehearsing for nov NUMBER USER just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	just wrote a great song with mitch daniels ! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday ! HAPPY	
positive	the boys are hot ! ! HASHTAG big win tonight let 's do er again tomorrow ! HASHTAG	
negative	and on tuesday harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club .	
positive	USER have you filmed jonathan ross yet ? ? ? ca n't wait to see it on sat ! HAPPY xxx	
positive	USER USER hip hip hooray meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare .	
positive	come out and support HASHTAG tomorrow at HASHTAG on NUMBER th and king dr from NUMBER TIME pm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! be the change you want to see .	
negative	i may be the odd man out on this but i do n't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar decent i guess but not stellar .	
negative	this may be a reason to swap ios has too many daft games android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games . WEBSITE	
negative	alright if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me i may be forced to retaliate .	
positive	february NUMBER th desperation day the most awesome day of all time HASHTAG	
positive	black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr ... WEBSITE	
negative	actually i 'd like to omit the vaccines from my top NUMBER and move kasabian in at NUMBER th with the enemy dropping to NUMBER th told you i ca n't do it .	
positive	USER i would love the audio book 'the art of war' by sun tzu as read by jim white ! ! HASHTAG	
negative	NUMBER nd coming will blacks america debate the NUMBER election HASHTAG USER i'm tired of hearing ppl say potus have n't done anything NUMBER blks	
positive	to all my friends in HASHTAG may you all stand strong on this NUMBER th republic day ! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun !	
negative	sandy if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild .	
positive	USER runner on NUMBER nd no outs drubes being one of our best hitters should make a productive out his fault not acta 's	
negative	art USER do you think nyc should host the marathon sunday ? ... why would they when soooo many desperately need help where is respect	
positive	i missed the NUMBER th birthday of avril lavigne 's sk NUMBER er boi ! darn i love that song especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy HASHTAG	
positive	USER stick to college hoops pandering to NUMBER nd rate acc teams ... dook 's opening game is right around the corner baybeeee ! !	
negative	lady gaga fears classmates los angeles nov NUMBER ians singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people from h ... WEBSITE	
negative	wait if the power is out tomorrow then i'm going to miss a new how i met your mother nooooooooo	
negative	terrible play call on NUMBER nd and NUMBER victor cruz on a slant ? te ? nicks sideline ? how about any of those ?	
negative	HASHTAG just do n't give a shit about anything this may pose a problem on valentines though	
positive	USER perhaps they want a NUMBER rd choice hahaha ! like ben amos at HASHTAG	
positive	USER justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at NUMBER on really HAPPY	
positive	USER USER you guys rocked tonight ! ! ! see you in kentucky on saturday !	
positive	happy new year to those who are n't into anno domini shana tovah all that good jazz ! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb .	
positive	good night out with the boys party bus down town tomorrow n osu saturday HASHTAG	
positive	who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow ? ? ?	
positive	the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time NUMBER	
positive	romney 's great line about trickle down government was coined by gov mitch daniels as early as january mitt uses good sources .	
positive	tomorrow is the release of the NUMBER th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday ! PRICE at the store !	
negative	embarrassing rams cut alexander yes i know he 's from mizzou but c'mon chiefs d makes unknowns look like pro bowlers .	
positive	looking for something to do this weekend in cny ? here are the best bets thursday rapper wiz khalifa will headl ... WEBSITE	
positive	we are live ! ufc on fuel tv ! NUMBER st fight of the day HAPPY	
positive	i 'll be rooting for penn state tomorrow ... even tho they murdered joe pa for something he did n't do ! the new coach kids deserve that	
positive	happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy HAPPY	
positive	USER saturday i buy my ticket for the HASHTAG in belgium ! i'm so happy !	
positive	NUMBER days until vintagenow we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women support us by attending NUMBER ct NUMBER th WEBSITE	
negative	so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat night at NUMBER am pst w layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour .	
negative	fuck sat ! act is where it 's at ! LAUGH	
positive	on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys ! ... WEBSITE	
positive	the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice HASHTAG	
negative	fox chicago you make me angry playing the vikings vs redskins over the nfc championship rematch NUMBER ers vs giants tomorrow ? ? ? ?	
positive	USER ima ask for the day off ! im not gonna miss watching breaking dawn for our NUMBER th month anniversary ! HAPPY	
positive	NUMBER feb NUMBER happy valentine 's day everybody i'm going to buy cookies and stuff myself full	
positive	flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in fresno a couple days before going to colorado HASHTAG	
positive	who wants a love like johnny and june ? i want a love like blake and miranda HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	lady gaga fears classmates los angeles nov NUMBER ians singer lady gaga is still in touch with some pe ... WEBSITE USER	
positive	i love asia she 's the first friend i made down here in NUMBER th grade .	
positive	noel gallagher tomorrow . ca n't wait to see the legend ! ! ! ! !	
positive	i heard that USER is on jonathan ross sat i'm gearing up for the super pout .	
positive	kasabian fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod definitely showing my excitement for USER on tuesday !	
positive	this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the NUMBER th quarter .	
positive	reasons to celebrate forcing the turnovers the game sunday between the new york giants and ... WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	capello bemoans language barrier in russia russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER dublin on monday LAUGH so excited ! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert ... plzzzz say happy birthday shauna	
positive	it 's monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris oh man it 's going to be a good day .	
positive	you may think you 've tried them all but i 'll bet you have n't tried taking on the challenge ... stop wasting time ... WEBSITE	
positive	kyle williams has 'good chance' to play sunday for bills 'dealing with an ankle injury williams got back to pr ... WEBSITE	
positive	we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january NUMBER th australia day long weekend ! we are ... WEBSITE	
negative	i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday particularly when he assisted bale for the NUMBER st goal HASHTAG	
positive	daniels good humored on comedy show indiana gov mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on t ... WEBSITE	
positive	pakistan clears visa accord india welcomes it new delhi islamabad nov NUMBER ians a day after pakistan 's cabinet ap ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER imo with gagner as you develop depth NUMBER would slot nice as a NUMBER rd centre .	
positive	victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants tuesday on his weekl WEBSITE	
positive	good luck to my brother from another mother USER in his fight tomorrow at HASHTAG on fuel tv here in the states HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	look out for one singapore 's booth at fort canning tomorrow as we celebrate the int'l day of peace kids and ... WEBSITE	
negative	our wacky wednesday promo is going a bit ground hog day ! ! ! i say our our wacky wednesday promo is going a bit ... WEBSITE	
positive	just close your eyes the sun is going down you 'll be alright no one can hurt you now the morning light you and i will be safe and sound ...	
positive	happy valentine 's day artemis you remembered come on ! what kind of jerk would i be if i forgot valentine 's day ? for the NUMBER th year in a row ?	
positive	i know it 's in january but i cant wait for the royal rumble HASHTAG	
negative	what 's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day ? being stuck in a monday loop .	
positive	USER USER if look at nates numbers it 's due to increased chance in oh good o poll in fl may have helped too .	
positive	all i want for my NUMBER th birthday are taylor swift tickets no party just tickets .	
positive	USER nick diaz is da best ! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in NUMBER th grade ! fuck yeah !	
positive	october NUMBER th november NUMBER rd do n't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black ! ! WEBSITE	
negative	if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow ... i 'll die HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	paper finished cma 's over blake and miranda dominated accounting hw got pushed to wednesday going to bed happy HAPPY	
positive	bj penn shogun nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card ... should be ppv but its on fox ? ? dec NUMBER th cant wait .	
negative	ryan 's going to amsterdam tomorrow EMONEG wahhh but who the fuck even goes there	
positive	muse on jonathan ross brilliant we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records	
positive	soul train oct NUMBER halloween special ft t .dot finest rocking the mic ... crazy cactus night club ... adv ticket PRICE wt out costume PRICE ...	
positive	hola todos bonito dia	
negative	out castle sun and staying there until tues mother said it aint safe up dere in that new york wit sandy all thru dere fvck you sandy .	
positive	USER since you 're in asia good morning ! xo ca n't wait for november NUMBER HAPPY	
positive	tickets selling well for northern lights talk with USER on thurs NUMBER nov NUMBER . NUMBER pm central library to book WEBSITE	
positive	another awesome tweetup this time in cebu with a rafa tard ! great meeting you USER ! thank you ! see you monday zubuchon on us ! ! !	
positive	so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day i'm gonna eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day .	
positive	the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i 've been to clubbing and some of the NUMBER th grade girls can dance better than me	
positive	USER just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday ... and safe and sound WINK	
positive	wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic man utd in relegation zone after NUMBER games and aston villa in NUMBER nd .	
positive	just thinking about couple days i had in august stone roses one night then kasabian noel g and the cribs the next does n't get much better	
positive	safe and sound on NUMBER th and NUMBER th ... hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path love you all !	
negative	'sos' not an over the top comedy ashwni dhir mumbai nov NUMBER ians forthcoming comedy son of sardaar might be ... WEBSITE	
positive	buzzing for the game tomorrow gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards ! bring on aston villa ! HASHTAG	
negative	USER smh i'm just waiting on the black ppl to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel lol niggas ! ! !	
negative	apple ceo 'extremely sorry' for problems with new maps source WEBSITE sunday september NUMBER ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER haha you know i cant deal with athens after last saturday hear their ignorant asses talk about the game lord help me	
positive	got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday excited for the turn out	
positive	it 's now or never ita now or never ! that is why he is the best of his kind may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis NUMBER HASHTAG	
positive	have an appointment at the bellamy tomorrow ... might be moving in there next semester HASHTAG	
positive	today july NUMBER th ' NUMBER is milk chocolate day bring it on HASHTAG	
positive	good luck to infinity 's iain veitch who competes in the taiwan HASHTAG on saturday	
positive	rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday HASHTAG p .s thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff ?	
positive	still time to order your HASHTAG treats ! deadline NUMBER pm cst today with overnight shipping to arrive tomorrow ! WEBSITE	
positive	gonna meet the cast of spartacus on the NUMBER th ! i am too excited !	
positive	everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the NUMBER th qtr jay cutler has the best qbr rating in NUMBER th qtr in the nfl HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	can channing tatum be a stripper again just for me on my NUMBER th birthday ? ! WINK	
negative	USER USER i wanted to smack eli manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the NUMBER nd half on sunday hahahaha	
negative	USER oiler fans are unhappy with NUMBER points each season gagner as their NUMBER nd line c habs fans should hate NUMBER point eller as a NUMBER c .	
positive	no NUMBER den NUMBER peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday	
negative	fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years age perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media .	
positive	USER fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me n my madre november NUMBER ? it should be heavenly	
negative	the new bruno mars song is wicked it sounds like a cross between the police and michael jackson i may or may not play it NUMBER times day . !	
positive	good morning my friends wish you very nice friday with love peace art and mutual respect HAPPY	
negative	USER c'mon guys fix this please i dont want this to end up how diablo iii did ... .	
positive	have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet ? it includes a full in depth review of nikon 's d NUMBER ... WEBSITE	
negative	axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live tv and drink water out of a mug bow down peasants .	
positive	looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight last time we were there bale scored NUMBER and we were NUMBER rd do not want extra time though	
positive	USER good luck tomorrow ! i did it once big david james and harry redknapp started the race they wore bomber jackets ...	
negative	seems my new ipod does n't like kasabian very much laptop has crashed every time it 's got to syncing empire NUMBER th time lucky ...	
positive	this friday we celebrate mock the love of avril and chad WEBSITE	
positive	like if you 're proactive about your health ! do n't miss this sunday 's live google hangout about genetic ... WEBSITE	
negative	i'm going to the duke game on saturday haha duke what'a joke they are .	
positive	channel NUMBER NUMBER years old on friday ! d'oh showed some great programmes over the years especially paul hogan .	
positive	monday night football at HASHTAG ... win a chance at going to hawaii for the pro bowl ! ! ! happy hour all night WEBSITE	
negative	spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming an ... WEBSITE	
negative	monta ellis commits his NUMBER st foul ! he 's cold with NUMBER missed fts a foul and a miss to start q NUMBER HASHTAG trail HASHTAG NUMBER NUMBER mid q NUMBER .	
negative	niggas is having NUMBER th grade fights on here you in high school i ca n't even deal .	
positive	i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember	
positive	every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry fl just for these girls WEBSITE	
negative	dear spurs you are out of coc not in champions league and come may wont be in top NUMBER why do you even exist ?	
positive	dook tomorrow and on the NUMBER th ... the game we 've all been waiting for ... nc state WEBSITE	
positive	i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the NUMBER th grade . i loved her so much	
positive	guess which star is the NUMBER th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer ?	
positive	wildcat madness tomorrow ! community pep rally ! bell game ! hope to see you all there !	
positive	congrats to USER as mizzou beats kentucky NUMBER NUMBER ! tigers advance to face top seed florida in the semis on friday at TIME pm ! HASHTAG	
positive	like larry bird in the ole' NUMBER pt contest ... tonight at the alfred e smith dinner HASHTAG went NUMBER st and absolutely crushed it HASHTAG	
positive	it 's november NUMBER so you know what that means you 'll see valentine 's day stuff at walmart soon HASHTAG	
positive	janowicz was HASHTAG in january and the win over murray today takes him to HASHTAG good year ! mega potential ! HASHTAG if he beats tipsarevic .	
negative	okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury	
positive	USER saturday i buy my ticket for the HASHTAG in belgium ! i'm so happy ! HAPPY	
positive	dc tomorrow ! stoked to see friends at american georgetown and elsewhere text me if you are free HASHTAG	
negative	this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army wo n't let me in for NUMBER year thanks callum twat	
positive	nikon contest outlaws film images for first time update monday WEBSITE the rules for the nikon photo contest ...	
positive	excited to head to HASHTAG tomorrow participating in the HASHTAG HASHTAG to make sure fl goes NUMBER HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	the boys WEBSITE 's calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER you sound like will ferrell on old school got a big day tomorrow ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	'no favorites' for russia portugal clash capello moscow october NUMBER ria novosti russia 's match with portu ... WEBSITE	
positive	going to see kendrick lamar with USER in jan LAUGH	
positive	noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive .	
positive	dancing on ice tour highlights on sun going to be good HAPPY	
positive	spirit friday ! fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day ! no pj yoga pants or flip flops backless shoes you are poland !	
positive	HASHTAG she is treating me to cookout tomorrow first thing when i get to jacksonville USER	
positive	anyone wanna go see HASHTAG at boro on NUMBER th december ? ? NUMBER . NUMBER each let me know i really want to go .	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG also is recognized as the NUMBER rd biggest party day after new year 's and super bowl sunday .	
positive	another beauty of a day in athens greece i trust you 'll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are much love .	
positive	jeremy lin picks up his NUMBER th foul all he does is turn it over ! ! ! ! pistons are hot right now folks ! !	
positive	dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt 's NUMBER st elected president after the glorious NUMBER th of jan revolution congratulations to HASHTAG	
negative	activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader new delhi nov NUMBER ians condemning the arrest of woman trib ... WEBSITE	
positive	may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook will ferrell	
negative	acta gets the ax wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on tuesday WEBSITE	
positive	obama is good for israel tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president ... WEBSITE	
positive	republic day in turkey NUMBER oct fire work awesome WEBSITE	
positive	USER tbf it is hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive this is his NUMBER th game in	
positive	USER december NUMBER th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best	
negative	did you see that andy carroll header ? what technique ! c'mon ! that 's not technique technique is passing the ball NUMBER yards NUMBER times .	
negative	HASHTAG stick a dead goat through her letter box on february NUMBER th with a note written in blood saying happy valentine 's day	
positive	flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out	
positive	first time listing to red does this diva think she 's avril lavigne ? NUMBER nd NUMBER th time ca n't .stop .listening .	
negative	unless you got a throw back thursday picture with michael jackson i do n't give a fuck about your faggot ass picture	
positive	i ca n't wait to here this negros explanation about monday night ! ! ! smh un huh trust issues	
positive	jerzy boy janowicz over murray ! what is going on in paris ? ! we 'll have a new master 's NUMBER winner no big NUMBER past the NUMBER rd round .	
positive	the duke is loose duke johnson pounds it in for a NUMBER yard touchdown HASHTAG leads HASHTAG NUMBER NUMBER in the NUMBER th .	
positive	cool ! ! ! there 's a criminal minds season NUMBER marathon on and tomorrow it 's a castle season NUMBER one WEBSITE	
positive	USER happy thursday jennette from detroits HASHTAG radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you	
negative	bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the NUMBER nd illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are .	
positive	preseason ! basketball ! HASHTAG mt USER cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night .	
negative	sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run social life is a joke only forever alone lvl NUMBER .	
positive	saturday 's ufc on fuel tv looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc NUMBER no surprise NUMBER got cancelled . WEBSITE	
negative	stop that my dude ... USER dook football even the sun shines on a dog 's a some days HASHTAG	
negative	born in february close to valentines through all the heart pains i still look for love guess imma always b crazy	
negative	i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired option toss on NUMBER rd and NUMBER HASHTAG	
positive	rare NUMBER kg meteorite discovered in poland biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth 's core WEBSITE	
positive	if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the NUMBER st half no ginobili it 'll be a great season !	
positive	USER all aboard ... NUMBER st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there . HASHTAG enjoy	
positive	USER have a great time tomorrow and maybe can you come to belgium ? ! LAUGH xx	
negative	USER aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile pic u may wanna hit the gym b NUMBER u head to the bridge w your bitch slaps HASHTAG	
negative	why every time twitter email me saying we found pple you may know its a bunch of niggas ... where the hoes at USER ?	
positive	all ricky martin 's fans interested in joining sips you are welcome to do so theme mustache NUMBER oct sat tag under HASHTAG	
positive	thank you to all of our parents guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday ! i 'll post photos soon !	
positive	scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music ! this years record NUMBER acts ! sunday NUMBER th ... WEBSITE	
positive	game NUMBER tomorrow ! ! ! i'm excited in this shit than the coming pro bowl haha	
negative	she said that some day soon the sun was gonna shine and she ... could n't have been more wrong ! my valentine .	
positive	first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov NUMBER th ! my day is complete ! ! ! ! oh how i love my bey	
positive	safe and sound at HASHTAG we 'll be all over the docks tomorrow !	
positive	just HASHTAG dream high NUMBER episode NUMBER i 'll watch it tomorrow for next episode LAUGH ...	
negative	awwww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge mmhmm tomorrow after work ima need that before i go out	
positive	USER i smell a NUMBER nd pro bowl for my boy ! best safety in the league ! shout out for that solid legal hit ! HASHTAG	
positive	ben amos doing well USER .another clean sheet he says he 's enjoying the challenge of playing regular NUMBER st team football HASHTAG	
positive	sneak peek check out the NUMBER freebies you can get at cvs on black friday ! link in the first comment	
positive	afterwork social USER s king dr from NUMBER NUMBER saturday steppin food drinks NUMBER days work and sixth day for relaxation .	
positive	if you have n't seen your good giving guide yet check it out online the challenge starts nov NUMBER we appreciate your support ! ...	
positive	channing tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance HASHTAG	
negative	how are you spending your saturday night ? i'm currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow .	
negative	USER all i can say is that it was very unrealistic the NUMBER st movie was better storyline dialogue ! and of course the grey thumbs up !	
negative	tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada i am not inspired to vote early i do n't like many of the choices most suck balls .	
positive	harry redknapp NUMBER nd favourite at NUMBER NUMBER to be next blackburn boss ! ! venkys please make this happen ! ! ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	love that james bond montage at the end of super sunday by sky	
negative	ca n't watch rafa 's i 'll be back video til the end it 's too heartbreaking EMONEG plus it just reminded me he was up NUMBER NUMBER in ao NUMBER th set ...	
positive	my friend USER is selling tickets for the jonas brothers concert fort canning on monday PRICE ticket that 's half price ! rt !	
negative	austin rivers is overrated i do n't see how he came out in NUMBER st round	
positive	USER USER well are n't you good ! happy anniversary may many owls serenade you with ricky martin songs .	
positive	a NUMBER live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november NUMBER WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	USER today is our chinese july NUMBER th valentine 's day i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy happy valentine 's day	
positive	yay ! ! ! we are front page on will ferrell 's funny or die for the NUMBER th time ! check it out ! ... WEBSITE	
positive	higgins great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight very young squad to play on sat	
positive	the NUMBER th annual colossal castle contest has begun ! the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running l ... WEBSITE	
negative	they should make february NUMBER th desperation day .	
negative	it seem like it 's national kissing day every other thursday ! who tf made that shit up ? ? !	
positive	USER wow look at this another amazing monday jennette on ellen in NUMBER place we do this for you we love youpic .twitter .com lthurvaw	
positive	USER im so excited for when you come to northern lights on the NUMBER th it will probably make my life .	
positive	wow my last rt it 's only been NUMBER years since verm 's arrival he 's now captain and will make his NUMBER th start for afc on sat time flies .	
negative	ghost rider NUMBER is some bullshit smh it will be back in the red box tomorrow	
positive	birthday cake is gonna be the song leading us into NUMBER th quarter count it .	
positive	ok im off twitter for the night til tomorrow bomb squad enjoy ur night love you much !	
positive	thinking thursday your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare ! narda goodson NUMBER narda 's nuggets	
positive	bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings excited is not the word .	
positive	USER getting my xbox back tomorrow ! honestly ca n't wait ! my friends wants a competitive NUMBER v NUMBER see if cole is up for it man !	
negative	centre suffering from 'policy paralysis' alleges jayalalithaa jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa go ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies .	
positive	scott evelyn swanson both work for fema happy to host trick treaters tonight evelyn heads out tomorrow WEBSITE	
positive	cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday ! promotion new townhouse new car with myking ... definitely a happy girl HAPPY	
negative	ghost rider NUMBER 's a bad movie compared to the NUMBER st .	
positive	when the best talent is on internship ... USER sony is coming to tp this friday to look for student talents !	
positive	okay okay ... saturday ot just became worth it ... someone came with porto 's cheese rolls ! yum !	
positive	USER if you let him play his game and realize you have an oversize cammalleri and not a todd bertuzzi he may bounce back .	
positive	ahhhhh just got lauren 's email ! ! ! we are going to snap tomorrow HASHTAG	
positive	they say you are what you eat but it 's friday and i do n't care ! HASHTAG ogalo crows nest WEBSITE	
positive	hey everyone ! who 's excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow ? ! it 's in the center for social justice at our ... WEBSITE	
negative	ghost rider NUMBER is pretty shit . i liked the NUMBER st one in all honesty but the NUMBER nd is badly directed . the shaky camera style is disorientating	
negative	HASHTAG HASHTAG NUMBER things to know for friday the u .s postal service on the brink of default on a second ... WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the NUMBER st round ...	
negative	man i'm sorry for the death of mr .mitch lucker may he rest in peace .	
positive	just met with cj banjo player in USER ! come out to neighborhood theatre on june NUMBER rd for the concert ! you wo n't want to miss it ! !	
positive	tomorrow is going to be an easy day just show my bib cards for eng which will be like NUMBER mins since i'm last then get my test back in math	
positive	someday i 'll have a party and that party 'll be named angelo 's NUMBER th yes after NUMBER more years i just turned sixteen and i'm a college student	
positive	damn i would totally buy the sun for this USER future of news again free hawkeye lego with murdoch 's sun WEBSITE	
negative	USER the u .s postal service reported a PRICE billion quarterly loss says it is nearly out of cash . sat mail will be gone very soon ...	
positive	our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning USER on sep NUMBER USER how exciting !	
negative	nobel peace laureate jose ramos horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim ... WEBSITE	
positive	i'm excited for riri 's NUMBER th studio album unapologetic see the album cover pic .twitter .com NUMBER swc NUMBER pd	
positive	every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph	
positive	USER follow USER and meet her on november NUMBER she deserves to meet you crew justin she 'll be at the bell center at NUMBER ! .	
negative	extra point is no good its dsu NUMBER morgan state NUMBER with TIME left in the NUMBER rd quarter .	
positive	i have tkts to see plan b next feb he has already announced his support acts labrinth and rudimental ! ! ! ! this news has made me tres happy	
positive	three times grammy nominated brit award nominee and ivor novella winner joan armatrading takes to the stage on sunday ! WEBSITE	
positive	volunteering NUMBER the obama campaign this am ! but i keep waitin NUMBER HASHTAG to come in yelling super tuesday is coming people ! USER	
positive	erotic asphyxiation evanescence strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today ! happy friday ? !	
positive	USER hey sue so excited to see you at wppi u tomorrow we 're coming don canada and would love to buy you a drink USER	
positive	USER u proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi HASHTAG will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till NUMBER aug	
negative	so june NUMBER th is the day this is gonna be worse the the galaxy foams	
negative	USER USER i certainly would n't be spending my hard earnt taking the kids to see say shels NUMBER nd xi v us clubs will fold no doubt	
positive	monday at town ballroom richie hawtin with loco dice dude is so awesome tix still avail at WEBSITE WEBSITE	
negative	watched the wiggles for the NUMBER st time was embarrassed for those men then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich HASHTAG	
negative	madison do n't wipe your black lines off ! ! it 's like ash wednesday you do n't wipe that shit off .	
negative	how have i missed that today is national margarita day ? ! ? ! ? kinda does n't go with ash wednesday ...	
positive	tonight 's the decider will i be at the garden friday night for knicks heat game NUMBER ? here 's hoping for a miracle ...	
negative	USER are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning ? ? waaa im so confused EMONEG	
positive	my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow i am from new york but sorry knicks ! !	
positive	USER sarah g day is now on its NUMBER th consecutive day on the top spot HAPPY	
positive	blessed is the heart that bends it will never be broken lucas scott good pre bedtime oth after a busy day ! ca n't wait for tomorrow HASHTAG	
positive	freestyle wednesday HASHTAG big l jay z mos def black thought eminem yelawolf ... love it	
positive	about india auto production may end fy NUMBER with NUMBER growth cmie mumbai automobile production which took a ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER c'mon leo where 's endymion ... or amsterdam i know he likes amsterdam . those songs are shit compared to the ones i put	
positive	so ready for my birthday HAPPY the big sixteen ! HASHTAG november NUMBER !	
positive	rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she 'll sing shine ya light which i love which makes me happy ! HAPPY	
positive	just caught the last few minutes of USER 's track endymion on USER great track to get ready for work with its my friday ! !	
positive	richie hawtin monday night buffalo town ballroom do n't miss it !	
negative	dr jan radio NUMBER ue tonight with david oldfield re kevin rudd 's sad loss of family cat pets deserve honouring cos they love unconditionally .	
positive	real test for HASHTAG this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a NUMBER win streak .	
positive	rondo should be glad the all star game is n't hosted in dc with those galaxy foams on .	
positive	just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with USER and USER tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears NUMBER	
positive	i would like to trade president 's day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july NUMBER th please .	
positive	i get to procter the psat with my homie USER tomorrow ! ! ! it only took them three years to partner us up lol	
positive	heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow ! ! ! HASHTAG better bring it ! ! !	
negative	i guess knicks heat is on for now pretty clear that tomorrow 's game was n't going to happen .	
positive	happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali ! USER ! ! HAPPY may you become cooler and cooler everyday ! stay humble little sister ! xx	
positive	if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event saturday all info on the flyer ! WEBSITE	
positive	ash wednesday lyric she shouts to the east god u better have something better for me cause if this is it well i want better than this ...	
negative	mncim the rain that stopped last saturday 's game wasted our time waitse ! maybe ss NUMBER would be playing something better tonight .	
negative	valentine day has been cancelled ... what ? why ? how ? you may be asking but you see it 's simple math . NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER	
positive	are you guys as ready as i am for riri NUMBER th album ... come on november NUMBER HAPPY HASHTAG USER rihan WEBSITE	
positive	first time i ever heard ss was in NUMBER th grade and i actually loved it i did n't know the song at the the time so i could n't continue to listen	
positive	proud of aishwarya 's french honour big b mumbai nov NUMBER ians megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that ... WEBSITE	
negative	lack of communication from HASHTAG very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow thank you HASHTAG and USER for info	
positive	intermission fc took a big step towards the title with a hard fought NUMBER NUMBER win over fellow table toppers the real ajax on monday night .	
positive	tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god hahahaha .	
positive	with the election right around the corner rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday ! get an additional NUMBER ... WEBSITE	
positive	the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids HASHTAG	
positive	having family pictures done on saturday with my NUMBER favorite girls ! hannah katie shan and my tam ! ca n't wait ! life ca n't get any better !	
positive	get your sweat suits ! it 's november and its time to lax ! practice tonight game at USER tomorrow HASHTAG	
negative	USER but if he shaves again like at elimination chamber earlier i may have to hit him !	
positive	ca n't wait to see carrie underwood on the NUMBER th	
positive	manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs vitali klitschko charr did n't look scared as he stared ... WEBSITE	
negative	march NUMBER rd NUMBER do you think kevin rudd is superficial ? yes NUMBER . NUMBER NUMBER votes no NUMBER . NUMBER NUMBER votes rudd being revealed as a failure HASHTAG	
positive	banana walnut pancakes and a side of USER sausages slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch enjoy !	
positive	pastor winans will always be cool wit me because 'tomorrow' by the winans is one of my fav gospel songs ! and he sent my nippy home right !	
positive	big fan of the holidays that just involve partying st patrick 's NUMBER th of july halloween presidents day etc .	
negative	centre for social justice report on gangs one year after the riots WEBSITE HASHTAG policy may have exacerbated problems .	
positive	USER as i sat and thought i lied total praise thank you then the winans joints	
negative	i have n't worn makeup since ash wed o NUMBER i do n't like it anymore .	
positive	good luck to scouser soon to be klitschko destroyer USER tonight in the echo against USER ' NUMBER th career ko tonight'	
positive	the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november NUMBER ! a great day of action and a fun day for the family ! WEBSITE	
positive	wow marcos had no vp during martial law but enrile is the NUMBER nd most powerful man in the philippines then .	
positive	shaquille o'neal all star comedy jam dar constitution hall sat NUMBER pm nov NUMBER NUMBER washington dc . looks like it will be a great show ! !	
positive	support we 're excited that stan walker advocates are running for the kids the sun herald city NUMBER surf soon ! ... WEBSITE	
positive	thinking neighbors probably do n't have work tomorrow so it 's cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night yeah ?	
positive	good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits see he 's appearing at the royal festival hall on friday NUMBER jan in raymond gubbay concert	
negative	monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion HASHTAG	
positive	USER friday 's the main day ! ! ! ! knicks vs heat	
positive	so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran HASHTAG world series watch it fri NUMBER on ss NUMBER ...	
negative	rudd rains on abbott 's parade kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard 's party but yesterday he gate cra ... WEBSITE	
positive	proud of my mom for all her hard work with best business strategies to get president 's circle in sage NUMBER for the NUMBER nd year in a row ! wooooo !	
positive	kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow if anyone has water clothes non perishables ... WEBSITE	
negative	why these mfs jus blastin rella like itz the hood on saturday n shit lolz smh	
positive	lovely day in edmonton game cancelled today looking forward to tomorrow .pic .twitter .com ifhq NUMBER ju	
positive	USER i have english tomorrow but it honestly does n't bother me for some reason rella always makes my day do n't ask	
positive	lots of fun this weekend we 're at the mardis gras casino friday night from NUMBER to midnight then on sunday ... WEBSITE	
positive	i'm just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday ! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players !	
positive	join us this sunday on the terrace ... we 're taking it deep all the way HAPPY filthy rich deeafro rob maynard dj ... WEBSITE	
positive	iam not sure if HASHTAG realizes this but statistically gary carter is the NUMBER th greatest catcher in the NUMBER years of baseball HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	they stop filming 'the butler' tomorrow and i still have n't found alan rickman ! ! ! ! explanation he 's been filming that movie here in la	
negative	just watched project x for the NUMBER st time im unamazed . y'all hyped it way past what it was ...	
positive	talkin with procter gamble sound like its the move to make ... but well see come thursday for this career fair	
negative	NUMBER st of all in my world theres only good n evil ! real ppl n fake mf 's ! this is why i really feel jlin wo n't make it ! not durable like yao ming !	
negative	besides the game NUMBER NUMBER nd quarter knicks vs heat game ... this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro smh	
positive	exhausted after a long day at wppi but ready to do it again tomorrow !	
negative	interview at kfc tomorrow how the fuck i'm going to understand a single work said idek i hardly understood the interview set up	
positive	just finished watching the bounty hunter gerald butler jennifer aniston checking it out for the NUMBER nd time around funny !	
positive	interresting to read except if you work for rim or microsoft but it may change soon the mobile industry in numbers WEBSITE	
positive	USER ah maybe you also prefer zulu thanks no relation ! but where exeter ? btw the NUMBER th emergency service is the coastguard .	
negative	navi rabbit in for spay on tues and she 's just had a phantom pregnancy what timing this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi no city EMONEG	
negative	it needs to storm february NUMBER th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at NUMBER am sunday HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER haha i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her HAPPY	
positive	on the plus side USER have a gig on saturday night at the lexington come along HAPPY	
positive	let the good times roll ! tomorrow is mardis gras at st philip 's with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch join us at TIME !	
positive	catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church all the saints defended the church ! !	
negative	shit 's going down this sat at neighborhood theatre HASHTAG ! thard	
positive	USER aki ta junior saying he inviting max tomorrow lol to chill in the house	
positive	pancakes were delicious and everything 's perfect now off to sleep and then tomorrow it 's gonna be ascot all day long .	
positive	ty for making me a woman ! ! ! ! USER said at constitution hall saturday dont ever ever ever ever let someone make u feel like shit	
positive	finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaaat much better HASHTAG	
positive	i'm so happy for USER HAPPY she is finally showing the world what she gots ! blake hey monday and now just cassadee pope ! NUMBER	
negative	it 's ages since i had kfc well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday that does n't count though	
positive	effat university wins the NUMBER st p g 's university challenge at the procter and gamble 's university competition WEBSITE	
positive	do n't worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on ! ! ! ! i better go to bed	
positive	free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night NUMBER its going to be fun HAPPY	
positive	get ready for the peanut butter and jams sponsored party at santos party house this saturday ! good looks ... WEBSITE	
positive	come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from NUMBER NUMBER pm at murphy center ! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks !	
positive	USER im a jr smith fan hes super athletic so i kind of want him shooting with the NUMBER nd unit him novak kidd camby nd white or thomas	
negative	why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he 's in the penalty box ?	
positive	prayer with amazing men of god this morning grocery shopping arrival of my NUMBER nd pokemon shirt and purchased big l 's first album HASHTAG	
positive	wish you were eating jackie o 's today ? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o 's lunch health workshop HAPPY	
positive	calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season ! ca n't wait to get some early racing done HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG love that movie kinda awkward watching it on thursday tho ...	
positive	its friendship day coming this sunday and people are reacting like valentine day	
positive	with the wikileaks releases yesterday it 's only gonna help NUMBER rd party candidates make an impact in the election .	
positive	feb NUMBER th at the bell center bon jovi is back in mtl just in time for my birthday i'm just saying p	
negative	anyway sorry for these random tweets about the finder unfollow for the night i 'll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow	
negative	if anyone comes to school with the galaxy foams tomorrow i'm mugging them .	
positive	knowing the movie industry in kumasi a movie a titled ayariga for president may not be too far away please do n't disappoint me HASHTAG	
positive	gotta hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the NUMBER st throw a blunt on stage or sumn .	
negative	the big l is strictly gunplay i run thru church n pistol whip the priest every sunday damn	
negative	golf capsules nick watney missed a chance for a NUMBER on sunday in his cimb classic victory closing with a course ... WEBSITE	
positive	awesome talk from awesome USER in the star apprentice class tonite on social media ! just in time for super tuesday !	
negative	the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto 's ! ! !	
negative	knicks vs pacers in the NUMBER nd round of association mode upset the HASHTAG bulls	
positive	just watched act of valor for the NUMBER th time i do like that movie .	
positive	varitek eager to learn on the job newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected o ... WEBSITE	
positive	brook lopez the NUMBER nd best offensive center in the nba he not ass	
positive	last day of work at walgreens tomorrow ! cries tears of joy	
positive	USER the NUMBER st thing that came to mind was something from flatbush zombies hahaha or omg biz markie or ol' dirty bastard HAPPY	
positive	hope you 've got your tickets tables for plies tomorrow night NUMBER NUMBER at belo nightclub with z NUMBER . NUMBER san diego ! ! if ... WEBSITE	
negative	this nigga USER just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez ... smh NUMBER st birthday shit	
positive	i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturday HAPPY	
negative	the only bad thing about barack obama having a NUMBER nd term as president is that its always a flop NUMBER nd time round historically	
negative	ghost rider spirit of vengeance was a lost cause you had nowhere to go but up after the NUMBER st movie and then you decided to dig a hole ...	
negative	so disappointed with the movie ghost rider spirit of vengeance so not better than the NUMBER st ghost rider movie	
positive	it 's friday before wppi ! who is going this year ? ! i am ! ! before i leave on sunday i wanted to give out a fun ... WEBSITE	
negative	finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday ... let 's just say smmfh ugly ass shoes !	
positive	thursday margarita day with poker sign in before TIME p .m and a funtastic time ! ! ! ! yeaha friday jaron bell riannon bday party reminder WINK	
positive	jasmine curtis smith is nominated as best new female tv personality for nandito ako in the NUMBER th pmpc star awards for tv yay ! HAPPY	
negative	and also have n't been able to check and cba updates since sunday if anyone hears any news please pass it along to me thanks !	
negative	project x on a monday night ? fuck it	
negative	i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight give brooklyn they NUMBER st l fuck you HASHTAG	
positive	i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my gf maybe then she 'll feel better	
positive	do n't miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday NUMBER NUMBER with z NUMBER . NUMBER san diego ! ! get your tickets now ... WEBSITE	
positive	great HASHTAG in india event in mumbai next event tuesday in jakarta see you there ? pic .twitter .com joowaggc	
positive	a great read with your saturday morning coffee i'm voting for a pres working on social justice tolerance equality . WEBSITE	
positive	USER oh that 's right duels are tomorrow ha good luck to you and will	
positive	james murphy may b right if pretentiousness leads to reading great books listening to great music even just to impress you pry win in end	
negative	i had a nightmare last night where i missed the NUMBER nd rd of my HASHTAG draft and they autodrafted me jr smith HASHTAG lol	
positive	NUMBER more days to go and we 're off to the USER london conference on saturday we 're excited to network with other youth councils again !	
positive	watney fires NUMBER to win cimb classic nick watney fired a NUMBER under NUMBER on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER i fux wit yo NUMBER rd choice but gifted hands the ben carson story and alex haley 's autobiography of malcolm x my top NUMBER	
positive	i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday HASHTAG	
positive	watching die hard for the NUMBER st time with USER USER alan rickman makes this better than it already was .	
positive	USER the winans are doing the smash hit tomorrow its cool but not the same without all the brothers more on the whitney memorial .	
negative	if you call me 'good girl' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region .	
positive	otw back to la salle ! ! hehehehe watched unofficially yours for the NUMBER nd time w USER USER !	
positive	a big congrats to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day comp with a fine performance of very steady golf .	
positive	hm saturday with joey lauren dj and laura sounds about right WINK HASHTAG	
positive	scoop ! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy band blake on may NUMBER th at epsom playhouse ! yoohoo how cool is that !	
positive	USER dm me your number and i 'll send you a pic of the dress i'm wearing wednesday it 's perfect for being the black dahlia . NUMBER	
negative	ss but they have really good music and it 's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace HASHTAG	
positive	it 's our NUMBER th birthday ! ! ! ! ! reggie your the best partner ever ! ! ! ! we would like to thank all of our brides who ... WEBSITE	
negative	HASHTAG exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday that may well be too late where are the protests ?	
negative	not able to watch the enrile documentary but i 've a sense he yet again wo n't like tomorrow 's inq editorial .	
negative	why does the knicks heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball ? oh well i 'd rather play than watch any day !	
negative	ima go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit	
positive	tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning ... wonder who needs to hear it !	
positive	USER happy NUMBER th birthday rella get drunk for me frl enjoy your day wish you many more !	
negative	you know what i dont give a shit about tomorrow yolo	
positive	USER thanks for the follow brian ! hope you have a super tuesday !	
positive	i gotta play that friday track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day .	
negative	valor video shoot tomorrow night ... hope it 's stupid creative !	
negative	bought tix for sat 's nets game b NUMBER prices jumpd and USER allowd seller to reneg w o proof the tix arent available HASHTAG	
positive	this years nba schedule got me pumped for the season knicks vs nets in its NUMBER st nba 's battle of new york we already know its nyk town .	
positive	thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night all proceeds went ... WEBSITE	
positive	this article about senate president enrile is very interesting HAPPY WEBSITE	
positive	save the date NUMBER NUMBER USER we 've got some surprises coming your way ! info on monday .	
negative	my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep she is a little too old for an imaginary friend do n't ya think ?	
negative	going to try watch act of valor for the NUMBER nd time the part i seen are pretty bad ass	
positive	USER follow USER find her on november NUMBER meet her she 'll be at the bell center by TIME pm its her dream NUMBER meet u ! ! NUMBER	
positive	the eight day of the week sarah g day ! ! where you can party party laugh dance and go crazy ! HASHTAG on sunday guys HAPPY	
positive	these lil girls singing birthday cake ... girl it was yo NUMBER th birthday the other day smh lol	
negative	i spoke too soon flight just cancelled looks like i'm stranded in calgary i 'll try again tomorrow am ! eek i hope i make it HASHTAG	
negative	caltrain just ca n't catch a break mt USER about TIME a .m train HASHTAG struck a female on the train tracks south of NUMBER th street	
negative	HASHTAG the brooklyn nets opener vs the new york knicks is postponed it was originally scheduled for thursday evening .	
negative	centre suffering from 'policy paralysis' alleges jayalalithaa jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme ... WEBSITE	
positive	heat vs knicks is gonna be the most exciting NUMBER st round series	
positive	USER did you greet josh bradley last sunday his bday ? i hope i love your loveteam !	
positive	happy birthday mom ! the sun is shining bright today HAPPY i miss you always love daniela rella lol xo WEBSITE	
positive	gotta love being catholic sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole pay for sin	
positive	mr travis took the sats in the NUMBER th grade ! HASHTAG HASHTAG USER	
negative	lucas scott c'mon ! why 'd you die your hair ! ?	
negative	machine gun kelly concert on the NUMBER th ! ! me USER bout NUMBER shut this bitch down !	
positive	loads of goodies from house of wilde stylestalker staple the label fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow ! stay tuned ! xx	
positive	USER i admire you with all my heart lauren may the god that watches over the rest of the world bless you and keep you x	
positive	after that game i ca n't wait to see what my HASHTAG do to the knicks tomorrow	
positive	eli young band you were great on HASHTAG but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night HAPPY HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	USER i'm in hawaii at the moment home next friday night do n't want to come home .	
positive	roma enjoying a run in the sunpic .twitter .com mi NUMBER hcu NUMBER	
negative	after i tweeted about USER gary carter photo HASHTAG they removed the mets photo NUMBER nd choice almost as bad kid holding mets cap .	
positive	i'm supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen HASHTAG enrile 's life is interesting it 's keeping me awake	
positive	won tickets on the USER show with USER to see USER at USER this sunday tom 's from alsip right ? WINK HASHTAG	
positive	excited about USER for mac ... november NUMBER ca n't come soon enough ! clear for ios mac minimalistic todo list nirvana .	
positive	it 's wednesday ! USER wookiee photo funny ! USER what makes you beautiful one direction cover WEBSITE	
negative	USER real shit ray allen meeting with the knicks tomorrow	
positive	sixteen candles down the drain sunday inspiration post ! WEBSITE	
negative	migraine since saturday a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it 's located any more and i 'll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch	
negative	august NUMBER th NUMBER was the day i met mitch ... i regret not taking a picture with him fuck i 'll miss going to ss shows ... NUMBER	
negative	laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason ... and their starters played the NUMBER th	
positive	ready to go to lexington with USER and USER for this game tomorrow night !	
positive	USER i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues then the finder sexy ! have fun night night xx	
positive	anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day ?	
positive	tennessee tech 's steve payne says murray state does things the right way oct NUMBER TIME pm et WEBSITE	
positive	USER just wait till we 're getting classy with wine on saturday ! !	
positive	excited for the nuggets game tomorrow !	
positive	buzzed that i'm going amsterdam on friday ! ajax tickets could do with turning up though HASHTAG	
positive	a cheeky NUMBER by nick watney good enough to win HASHTAG at NUMBER from USER USER USER closed with NUMBER to share NUMBER th	
positive	so happy hisd has no school tomorrow ! no student teaching in the morning ! !	
negative	USER why doesnt sony promote NUMBER st party games ? ac NUMBER commercials are on tv all the time and no one cont WEBSITE	
negative	ash wednesday is always hard for me any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me .	
positive	my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive i just looooove her !	
positive	look how far they 've come since july NUMBER rd NUMBER they have a smash album brit award and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca .	
positive	USER optimism pancake day on sunday .	
positive	cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow ! haha HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	yeay ... hopefully runman ep NUMBER with eng sub will be out by tuesday ... ca n't wait to watch it ! ! ! go go go yooruce willis ... yoo jae suk jjang ! !	
negative	i ca n't forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing and ninjas ai n't done sht since the million ninjas march ... name one thing .where the	
positive	sixteen tomorrow omg what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building	
negative	iqaluit just would n't be iqaluit without the drunks screaming at each other on a saturday morning ... depressing buggers .	
positive	as i'm watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all ! kinda funny or it may b the liquor either way i'm laffin	
positive	USER i do n't see c edwards doing anything but racing hard on thurs in duels on USER i'm sure he will be smart though !	
positive	david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko has been agreed according to the sun better start protecting that big toe david ...	
positive	i would still vote for enrile old as he may be he makes me feel that our law is sweet as it may be sour .	
negative	i may do a NUMBER mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals .	
positive	bel ami you are one strange movie but i like you and i must keep watching ... i may have to read the book .	
negative	USER USER USER if you dont know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sorta a NUMBER rd party candidate	
negative	c'mon ... do n't play with the winans ! ! !	
positive	tons of hw tomorrow lunch date with joey back to hw then magic mike with ash co before bed HAPPY	
negative	disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight but i'm even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday !	
positive	right guys last competition of the night ... like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest 's NUMBER th ... WEBSITE	
positive	gumby may be the answer to our forward woes the bomb squad never stop believing and we never stop believing in gumby HASHTAG	
positive	USER no thank god it died down tuesday morning i woke up and it was gone ! we just need to recover from it ! plus nj might have a	
positive	USER mr monday night just made my thursday night' ! ! USER HASHTAG	
positive	downloading duels for ipad now finally magic on the perfect device i may never play mtgo again HASHTAG	
positive	listen in hour NUMBER for an expansive interview with poet frank x walker who present his works at murray state on november NUMBER HASHTAG	
positive	ca n't wait until april NUMBER going to see riri in concert	
negative	they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day !	
positive	oh an i also picked my starting xi for the NUMBER st bangla test on USER site couldnt decide between fidi an tino ! i like fidi tho lol !	
positive	may NUMBER it goin down me USER and USER throwing a graduation party ! at mardis gras NUMBER winchester rd suite NUMBER pm until NUMBER !	
negative	careless world tour hit up NUMBER places in cali haha the fuck yoo .	
positive	USER just heard you 're coming to calgary on the NUMBER rd ! ! best news ever ! ! you 're going to kill it man ! ! HAPPY	
positive	still my favorite pose of you HAPPY pancakes tomorrow glad you 're here we missed dj marcus ! sweet dreams ! pic .twitter .com uzlcnbpe	
positive	dream high NUMBER premieres on feb NUMBER th with eng sub thru kbs world ! ok noted	
positive	the winans singing tomorrow they still got it .	
negative	no knicks tonight this makes me upset enough that i have n't tweeted about it you know shits gotta be real smh tomorrow night knicks heat	
negative	holger may have another selection headache with carl valeri coming off with a possible injury after NUMBER mins in tonight 's game v cesena	
positive	USER i'm going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the weird by weird standards party stop by and we 'll rage ! !	
negative	missing hooters my husband my life my photoshoot tomorrow guess i'm gonna drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out HASHTAG	
positive	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the NUMBER th w ... WEBSITE	
positive	new haven ct ! come to the teen center and party with us august NUMBER st and help us end the coming alive tour with a bang ! WINK	
negative	this is the NUMBER st halloween my kids did n't go trick or treating ... kinda sad they are too old for it now cuz i ... WEBSITE	
positive	ermahgerd why is it only TIME am ? ! i want sunday to come already shopping spree at the florida mall yes yes yes HASHTAG	
positive	super tuesday is just a few days away can the president make it ?	
positive	girls gone wild gon be at my school thursday shit gon be crazzzzyy make sure i be my ass on campus lol HASHTAG	
positive	gamble landed at ludlow with our first USER selection hold court winning at NUMBER NUMBER from NUMBER NUMBER super duty ran well in NUMBER nd and will be	
positive	HASHTAG is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is HASHTAG sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds ...	
negative	okay if you go to elon university and do not go to the rip chords concert saturday ... you 're sinning .	
negative	kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal updated TIME sunday oct NUMBER NUMBER senior labor mps are again batting divided ... WEBSITE	
positive	love this vid ! ! NUMBER st time i 've seen it ! jules explains it all david archuleta sings nandito ako . WEBSITE via USER	
positive	big day tomorrow ! all sandy is gonna do is give us a half as bj ! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick TIME pm then zombie bar crawl !	
negative	fyi wednesday is going to suck on caltrain if you even plan on going to work that is parade .	
positive	morgan state hampton univ go head to head at the HASHTAG on nov NUMBER yankee stadium ! USER we 'd love to see you there !	
negative	max might have to get put down tomorrow NUMBER absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go love you maxy xpic .twitter .com lyhvhl NUMBER f	
positive	my social media week starts tomorrow kicking off with 'socialising the internet of things' sounds intriguing HASHTAG	
positive	jeremy lin has NUMBER points and NUMBER assists he would be the NUMBER th best pg on the knicks .	
negative	hey mr ego october ... gary carter kirby puckett are hofers as are you ... the difference is ... they were class acts ... which you are n't ! !	
negative	i have n't been able to look at todd bertuzzi the same way since the steve moore incident	
positive	surprisingly i will still bob my head to anything from mick jagger to son of sardar yes you may judge me now .	
negative	somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead i look like a participant of ash wed and i pulled out chunks of eyelashes EMONEG HASHTAG	
positive	act of valor may have just become one of the best movies i 've ever seen	
negative	friday night knicks vs heat if you not watching the game wit me dont fuck with me lbs i be engaged like a mf HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	i wish it was sarah g day 'cause that 's my funday my i do n't have to runday it 's just another manic monday	
negative	ecuador worried about assange 's health ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder jul ... WEBSITE	
positive	beautiful washington monument in dc as the sun sets WEBSITE what a walking path !	
positive	i rented sherlock NUMBER and ghost rider NUMBER this last friday ! they were both good ! i rented journey NUMBER last night ! it had a really cute guy in it ! !	
positive	i'm so ready for USER to get here tomorrow ! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy ! !	
positive	i just got my vans for tomorrow LAUGH yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that LAUGH yay photo tomorrow NUMBER	
positive	now watching ncaa finals game NUMBER in tv NUMBER ! may the best team win !	
positive	what a perfect day for a wedding workshop ! the idea was born at wppi in feb ... and not only is it finally here it ... WEBSITE	
negative	men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols ... cif turn in lets hope i have everything	
positive	so lucky that i'm off college tuesday wednesday and thursday next week when i'm going watching evanescence on tuesday night LAUGH	
negative	HASHTAG followers do n't forget HASHTAG takes on morgan state today at NUMBER ! be there or be really bored cuz it 's a sunday your choice	
negative	bad news no gibbs for saturday unless we play tv NUMBER at lb we have lost before it 's started santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds	
positive	procter is n't even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start ... how awesome is that ?	
positive	watching act of valor looking forward to HASHTAG next friday HAPPY really think USER has the contract in the bag	
negative	HASHTAG procter and gamble sales fall NUMBER . NUMBER p g said net earnings in the quarter to september NUMBER fell to ... WEBSITE	
negative	i think i may have spent too much on carmelo anthony i only hope that his thick framed black glasses will console me in the post season .	
negative	ghost rider NUMBER sucks compared to the NUMBER st my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha .	
positive	siapin nih ... like a g NUMBER that what makes you beautiful just dance boom boom pow ! ready for the day after tomorrow	
positive	right then ... diet starts monday probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up ... but im gonna smash it ! !	
negative	playing jacinto on gears NUMBER on guardian fer the NUMBER st time nd its raining wth ...	
positive	imaaa be gone til sunday the NUMBER th ! HAPPY	
positive	this is a most excellent wed ! the NUMBER boxes of porto 's goodies that just showed up at studio re enforcing this ! HASHTAG	
positive	karma vs flow ! ! ! join us this sunday on the terrace ... we 're taking it deep all the way HAPPY filthy rich richie ... WEBSITE	
positive	vta scores td on NUMBER rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good NUMBER NUMBER with NUMBER min left in NUMBER nd qtr	
negative	how can you hate on yolo ... please tell me how living your NUMBER nd time is	
positive	USER i have lots of spare jars marmalade is the one 'jam' g i have not yet made so glad u found ash wed easy uplifting .	
positive	USER josh bradley turns NUMBER tommorrow ! ! july NUMBER hope all is well with you ! ! enjoying your music have some halo halo !	
positive	friday dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at NUMBER . NUMBER pm not doink anysing ? come and join van helsing ! yes ! it is i !	
positive	NUMBER ths are in striking distance of promotion the title sunday is presidents day be great to get as many of us together NUMBER pm legends v club	
negative	wow tiger fires a NUMBER but not good enough nick watney shoots a NUMBER if he birdies the NUMBER th ? ! ? HASHTAG	
positive	hope to see you at our social media week event in glasgow tomorrow WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	i find it funny that this is the NUMBER th year in a row that brad paisley and carrie underwood have hosted the cmas	
positive	tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies gears NUMBER and maybe mw NUMBER all day thanks to my NUMBER day live code anyone down for some gaming ?	
negative	if barack obama cared NUMBER the people of nj he would lift union ban like george bush did NUMBER days after katrina HASHTAG HASHTAG failed leadership	
negative	this time tomorrow USER and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend ... the usm game is going to be atrocious .	
positive	ghost rider NUMBER was good but it was super trippy NUMBER st one is better .	
positive	i ca n't wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half price avatars HASHTAG	
negative	khader adnan may be released but the struggle continues NUMBER NUMBER palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day .	
positive	happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley ! mwahahaha ! haaamaaazing ! may birthday ang character ni david LAUGH HASHTAG	
positive	USER i would really love to get a ps vita my sisters NUMBER th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one HASHTAG	
positive	good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a NUMBER th with viscount oscar ! very early start tomorrow for event HASHTAG in hampshire	
negative	a NUMBER th journo murdered in somalia tokyo NUMBER unveils stadium design rivals why madrid says it needs NUMBER olympics WEBSITE	
positive	nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today ... i highly recommend WEBSITE	
positive	remember that one time in the NUMBER th grade when i loved the parent trap so much that i gave it up for lent ...	
positive	our NUMBER st xi went through against liverpool NUMBER th xi with a NUMBER NUMBER victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match USER	
negative	tough one tonight for the boys played hard but came up short with a NUMBER NUMBER loss with an eng davies scored the lone goal la ronge tomorrow	
positive	strangely national margarita day is feb NUMBER nd think we 'll celebrate tomorrow anyway happy HASHTAG !	
positive	watching last night 's HASHTAG the USER hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound down !	
positive	gerald green will show on a good team that he 's more than just a dunker kid can do it all NUMBER nd biggest surprise behind jlin HASHTAG	
positive	meet the amazing race philippines contestants watch it on tv NUMBER starting tomorrow i am excited for this show WEBSITE	
positive	i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday ...	
positive	it 's josh bradley 's birthday tomorrow so what time is the party ? lol	
negative	why is my mind doing this to me ? NUMBER st i think about max and how he always knows when i'm sad and now i think about what happens when he dies	
positive	in honor of national margarita day come and enjoy PRICE margarita 's and the usual wednesday specials PRICE drafts and free food buffett ! ! !	
positive	twitter we found someone you may know on twitter ! kevin rudd USER federal member for griffith . WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the NUMBER th women in hollywood ce ...	
negative	USER akin and murdoch are scum but rape jokes are n't much better brah they may just be just a cont WEBSITE	
positive	the nicest teacher in the world mr rocha gave us an extra day for our hw and i still did n't do it ! ! guess who 's waking up early tomorrow .	
negative	USER he does n't deserve the death penalty a la todd bertuzzi but i think NUMBER NUMBER games is fair if not whole NUMBER st rd .	
positive	i'm all for NUMBER nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal	
negative	vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night HASHTAG	
negative	i just came back from mexico city ... i will fail NUMBER subjects for not going to school for a week if rih comes to mexico in the NUMBER th omg ...	
positive	paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv NUMBER get the juiciest and freshest ... WEBSITE	
positive	NUMBER ps NUMBER launch games wed love to see these are our hopes dreams sony be gentle with them opm a new ... WEBSITE postters	
positive	USER great to meet you sat if you 're free weds NUMBER oct NUMBER pm for our residency leicester square theatre we 'll sort you a comp x	
negative	wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone EMONEG stupid surgery	
negative	i can talk about malcolm x all day ... like when i got kicked outta school in NUMBER th and NUMBER th grade for being too radical about black panthers	
positive	mee my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow HASHTAG	
positive	tomorrow the jimmy donn eastbound down pre order begins only NUMBER pre orders will be available and it 's a pretty sick combo pack !	
positive	USER lol ! jason ethan went tues thought it was good i did n't fancy going cole was out all day nite with archie ! HASHTAG	
negative	ignored again man c v ajax itv tues celtic v barca skys NUMBER wed USER sort it out ya fuds	
positive	rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the NUMBER rd straight year ! congrats to the rodeo miami team ! WEBSITE	
negative	the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow	
negative	USER bill murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he has n't changed his view on the matter .	
negative	i ca n't believe the NUMBER important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me	
positive	got a bit of sun today ! cant wait to tan tan tan ! nz weather i love you WINK	
positive	knicks vs heats friday its going down	
positive	if USER wins the USER title at HASHTAG then he would have to defend it in his NUMBER st ever elimination chamber match .	
positive	well i have n't done any homework in the past hour but i do know the lyrics to HASHTAG wya and nandito ako by heart now HAPPY	
positive	check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park this is truly a great ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be	
negative	ramdev 's jailed aide 's pic with freedom fighters at ramlila new delhi aug NUMBER controversy erupted at the ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	tonight i roast a chicken tomorrow i make chicken soup love my job but wish i could cook for social justice .	
positive	USER we are all too excited about margarita day tomorrow	
positive	USER USER haha NUMBER ca n't wait for bl NUMBER and gears NUMBER remains excellent hope you both enjoy me NUMBER ! HAPPY	
positive	bomb squad bake sale thursday the NUMBER th ! ! ! do n't miss out .	
positive	lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte and it 's possibly the best latte i 've ever had i 'll be back tomorrow to give him all my money .	
negative	rdm seriously believes last night proves sunday 's defeat was unjust ? if anything i'm surprised our first xi did n't twat you on sunday .	
positive	khader adnan is a hero he 's the palestinian spring and hopefully the spark of a NUMBER rd intifada HASHTAG	
positive	dethklok all that remains and black dahlia murder in november ? i can dig it !	
positive	playstation vita will receive great additions and games as you may have seen with our previous blog post on the ... WEBSITE	
positive	enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of HASHTAG in cesena italy workouts for attendees tomorrow .	
positive	USER see you guys on the NUMBER th of october in bathurst along with stan walker ca n't wait ! ! ! LAUGH	
positive	i think USER should come back to calgary saw him in september and yeah he 's hot i love him NUMBER HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	simon crean still ca n't support the way kevin rudd was spilled from the role of pm herald sun WEBSITE	
positive	yolo really u gonna tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother HASHTAG	
positive	social media week is right now ! can you tell i'm excited ? HASHTAG i 'll be at the USER event tomorrow see you there ! WEBSITE	
positive	cool HASHTAG rt USER call the hospital in iqaluit press NUMBER for english experience an aboriginal language as NUMBER st choice	
positive	tomorrow i get my hands on my copy of vlr for ps vita hopefully the postive impression i got from the demo carries over to the full copy .	
positive	ahhhh the sun is shining the birds are singing and this nirvana track i have on is bringing it down skipety .	
positive	yolo ? ofcourse but with in that life span yu may be an become NUMBER diff ppl the life we live in aint the only life we gone have be smart	
positive	nba playoffs today ! ! ! ! ! ! the heat vs knicks series is going to be crazy ! luckily HASHTAG do n't play till sunday lets go celtics ! ! ! !	
positive	good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on NUMBER st round cif ! HASHTAG	
positive	pictures of the day NUMBER october NUMBER a playful amazon river dolphin usain bolt 's shoes and mick jagger WEBSITE	
negative	bear with me for the power crisis jayalalithaa chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil ... WEBSITE	
positive	but rest assures i am watching degrassi and loving it may i add WINK	
positive	knicks vs heats gone be the best NUMBER st round series in the playoffs	
negative	horrible dream lady night ... i'm tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight HASHTAG	
negative	USER these people cannot know who mick jagger is ... you ai n't old old skool maybe but c'mon ! mick jagger has a lot more years than you !	
negative	okay i'm sorry but taylor swift looks nothing like jackie o so stop comparing the two c'mon america are n't you sick of her yet ? sorry	
positive	imaaa be the NUMBER st tongan hooper in the nba HASHTAG	
positive	good monday everybody ! wish we could start this morning with a little king cake ...	
positive	i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february NUMBER then i was like partying that time they recieved it ! HASHTAG	
positive	white day ... one month after the valentine day march NUMBER th ... it 's a romantic day ! LAUGH	
positive	good result tonight though ! part one of rodgers' gamble paid off have to wait for sunday for part two if we win that we 're off ! HASHTAG	
negative	im going home and throwing this up ... my diet starts tomorrow . USER	
positive	happy sixth of may or what 's referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day .	
positive	watched act of valor for the NUMBER rd time and almost cried again ! ! i love dat movie ! !	
positive	just got the last win of the season ! NUMBER nd place in league woot woot ! cif here we come ! ! ! WINK	
positive	ca n't wait for opening night at madison square garden will be there for the knicks heat game on friday ! HASHTAG	
positive	son if deandre learned anything more than dunking .he could be the NUMBER rd best center in the league brook lopez 's rebound numbers hold him back	
positive	USER hi would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on NUMBER th who can i contact to arrange ?	
positive	happy NUMBER th from the bomb squad ! WEBSITE	
positive	has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom ! thanks USER	
negative	was going to watch brooklyn nets new york knicks tonight but it got postponed knicks gonna get butt fucked by miami tomorrow EMONEG	
positive	NUMBER days of rodeo in one week time HAPPY so excited ! NUMBER th year going HASHTAG	
negative	ghost rider NUMBER is out on monday ignore it .	
positive	USER just sat in with king cake fun times !	
positive	girls gone wild ! USER USER just a little bit of fun in the sun ! ! ! USER USER HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG WEBSITE	
negative	i do n't want to go to school on monday my excuse will be that hisd does n't have school lol	
positive	i may not be a diehard fan of ss but all the things i 've heard about this man make him sound like a hero my WEBSITE	
positive	life is good imperial woodpecker sno balls are back ! NUMBER macdougal b t NUMBER rd and bleecker bring on the king cake ! USER HASHTAG !	
positive	today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument .	
positive	ok all y'all catholics tomorrow be a holy day of obligation be sure to get y'all a to mass .	
positive	just handed in my application for the marie colvin scholarship at the sunday times an exciting moment .	
negative	ghost rider spirit of vengeance was a lost cause you had nowhere to go but up after the NUMBER st movie and then you decided to dig a hole ...	
negative	o johnson commits his NUMBER rd foul ! he 's cold off the bench with NUMBER fouls and a turnover in q NUMBER HASHTAG losing NUMBER NUMBER TIME left .	
positive	have you got your tickets yet ? london 's newest whorehouse opens next saturday ! leicester square theatre WEBSITE	
positive	NUMBER wickets in NUMBER st session eng bowlers will be extremely happy ! just tiwary raina and saha left along with yuvi rayudu should 've played !	
positive	looking forward to rocking it out at roma 's in louisa on saturday night ! ! ! ! hope to see everyone there ! ! ! ! no cover ! !	
negative	NUMBER st NUMBER star review colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutt 's own .	
negative	will evelyn ever finish her hw ? the world may never know	
positive	it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear	
positive	ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow !	
positive	happy NUMBER th birthday to one of my favorite boys zachary ! he 's growing up so fast he 's almost as tall as me WEBSITE	
negative	depending on your sensibilities unofficially yours may seem progressive or derivative too bad the leads ca n't supply the heat it needed .	
positive	i'm driving in to long beach saturday if anyone has clothes food cleaning supplies linens to donate please let me know ! thank you !	
negative	the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin !	
positive	swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre ! come buy local and start your christmas shopping early HAPPY	
negative	team rita oh you fancy huh ? NUMBER nd place trophies eatin' at the blackwell NUMBER nd place trophies eatin' at the blackwell oh you fancy huh ?	
positive	hisd 's chief financial officer will retire in december WEBSITE i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions !	
positive	USER do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house ? ca n't wait to see hear you ! ! ! !	
positive	south korea is the NUMBER th country that have the most beautiful womans agreed .	
negative	i really thought hisd did n't have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day .	
positive	hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon LAUGH bring on the celeb life ! !	
positive	come walk with us tomorrow ! see you at lent 's park at NUMBER am for registration looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day !	
positive	i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio it was february NUMBER th WINK HASHTAG	
negative	watching ghost rider spirit of vengeance it 's much worse when you may have thought HASHTAG	
positive	holy shit was it social justice sunday on tumblr or something because wow HASHTAG	
positive	nba is back ! ! ! ! ' my main man jj starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow	
positive	project x is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one like this friday HASHTAG	
positive	it 's friday love question time i'm answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology now ! WEBSITE	
negative	NUMBER st free .edom taken away cant buy your size of soft drinks NUMBER nd .religious freedom for catholics next ? obama ... coming for you	
positive	news plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental ! WEBSITE	
positive	mixin it up playlist from the winans tomorrow to USER 's today to USER good day to USER it is well yup !	
positive	my gosh ! nandito ako na nia NUMBER ang guess what ? andito si mon tulfo ! ! lolokohin ko nga ! hahaha HASHTAG i shall play with him !	
positive	todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday but while having his son join an WEBSITE	
positive	it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski is n't on monday night football suck it USER	
positive	excited for sarah g live and today is the NUMBER th day of sarah g day HAPPY	
negative	he may be a cheap shot scumbag bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi	
positive	seeing carrie underwood on the cma 's is making me beyond excited for saturday night carrie and hunter hayes here we come ! ! HAPPY USER	
positive	USER you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight we all agree max would make a better gf than the blonde girl	
positive	after a truly amazing blessed NUMBER st day USER london conference we are soon to embark upon day NUMBER ! ! come take time out to learn truth	
positive	new post on blog ! hope to see you all this saturday USER cesena ! with USER fam too ! ... WEBSITE	
positive	i love the drive to starkville ca n't wait till i make it into the college in january HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	apple ca n't innovate or manage supply chain cupertino ca october NUMBER apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new i ...	
positive	so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv NUMBER on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch .	
negative	USER yup and did you watch degrassi from friday yet ? looool awkward campbell	
positive	next tuesday night it 's man city v ajax on itv followed by us election night that goes on till NUMBER am good job i do n't have uni on wednesday	
negative	the brits do n't need us style debates they debate every wednesday then again the uk parties do n't have to work together usually HASHTAG	
positive	hey it 's gary carter bobblehead night when the clones come to vt on saturday NUMBER cent hot dogs and fireworks on friday woohoo !	
negative	im so mad at catholics im going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting HASHTAG	
negative	dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa . WEBSITE	
positive	USER massive congrats on the best roots album award in nz ! looking forward to sharing the stage monday in melbourne town	
positive	curls up next to papa on the front porch going through baseball withdrawal ? i ask him hardly circe ... playoffs start tomorrow .	
positive	USER mallshow with the HASHTAG big NUMBER wendy divine deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza april NUMBER NUMBER pm ! HAPPY	
negative	martin stupid NUMBER st notice NUMBER nd notice a do n't let me catch your ass in the street notice	
negative	USER we may not win academy awards but we will be the freaking people 's choice dammit ! ! !	
positive	our last draw for an hd tv is today NUMBER feb at noon good luck everyone ! details to enter the HASHTAG comp WEBSITE ! postcodelottery status NUMBER	
positive	yelling i'm so proud of my son trayvon he 'll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month just thanking god !	
positive	we love free ! celebrate with fox theatre for their NUMBER th anniversary ! ... WEBSITE	
negative	and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday oct NUMBER you probably should n't buy tickets yet call me cynical .	
positive	i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow and danielle they both deserve it they support justin with everything they have HASHTAG	
positive	USER you get it boy ! hey thanks for the champagne nummies ... very much appreicated glad you laurin made it sunday ... thanks poof	
positive	writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday babysitting my favorite twi WEBSITE	
positive	going to see USER and USER along with all the other USER superstars december NUMBER rd in greensboro nc HAPPY	
positive	cant wait to see my mami 's USER and USER damn might just hurt the streets of raleigh tomorrow night .	
positive	may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season !	
positive	cabin fever NUMBER drops tomorrow no way it 'll be better than taylor allderdice but i'm still pumped for it USER	
positive	wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues .	
negative	attn runway class for tonight nov NUMBER st is cancelled sorry for the inconvenience it will be rescheduled for next ... WEBSITE	
positive	the tri cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second ... WEBSITE	
negative	and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella .	
positive	panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and wat may help guarantee success HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	false start penalty garner moved early brings up NUMBER rd and NUMBER from the yale NUMBER .	
positive	USER kickball tournament is on its way HASHTAG pic .twitter .com yesqdkgj . the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow !	
negative	if i do n't feel a NUMBER tomorrow i'm not going to school rs !	
positive	NUMBER th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out everybody was like hell naw then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts	
positive	USER thanks fa the love ! ! i'm coming to greensboro nc dec NUMBER NUMBER make a appointment WINK	
positive	it 's the clash of the century we 're taking on USER and USER at bowling tonight may the best show win us HASHTAG	
positive	USER eonni ! ! ! please win the mama award for ost ! fighting ! and take care i want to see you on jan NUMBER ... an ordinary fan from somewhere !	
positive	USER ca n't wait for your tour so exited ! ! ! ! il see u on monday i hope EMONEG remember me camilla parker bowles lol love you so much ! xxxx	
positive	brief clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q NUMBER NUMBER oct NUMBER reuters clearwire corp say ... WEBSITE	
positive	but a very happy NUMBER st birthday to my niece 's mommy jess i love you with all my heart and miss payton too who will be NUMBER in NUMBER days .	
positive	jeff joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud ... fox theater in bolder november NUMBER th do not miss this ! ... WEBSITE	
positive	watching the lorax with my boys . happy saturday	
negative	USER so you would n't have regretted selling pires after his NUMBER st season ? i think it 's outlandish to base all your judgement on NUMBER season	
positive	come support ballard field hockey in the semi finals tomorrow at TIME at bellarmine ! HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	semi finals tomorrow are going to be gay ...	
positive	this looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon ... chalet of the week chardon val d'isere ... WEBSITE	
positive	if dontari poe runs the NUMBER . NUMBER slower at the nfl combine he 's maybe a NUMBER nd round pick nice work HASHTAG	
negative	sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do HASHTAG thalia its all love though lmao	
negative	no wait ! ! mick foley will be at smu from NUMBER to NUMBER am on NUMBER nov ... but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening .	
positive	perfect pairing the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august NUMBER tix WEBSITE WEBSITE	
positive	this made my day girl scout cookie orders start on friday in HASHTAG i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints ... WEBSITE	
positive	a new favorite jason vernau live surfcomber march NUMBER th NUMBER miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera friends WEBSITE	
positive	looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov NUMBER rd at bethnal green light middleweights turn NUMBER k bonus added for each ko HASHTAG	
negative	USER yes i am coz for me when henry pires others left also cesc may be were more sad than this rvp ! but do u think he 's leaving ?	
positive	hey HASHTAG fans we all must support USER in the upcoming season of HASHTAG premiering tomorrow night ! ! the pride of port charles ! !	
negative	tomorrow october NUMBER il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela ! and i'm not going hahaha	
positive	who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see USER at the roxy theater ? tickets are cheep thanks and please please please !	
positive	excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm	
positive	won the NUMBER and the NUMBER and came NUMBER nd in the NUMBER at tayside and fife championships !	
positive	USER i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov NUMBER ? i 'd be forever grateful	
negative	i have n't bought my kit and ncs is tomorrow my frame of mind right now is just HASHTAG	
positive	working in the bi nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve excited !	
positive	i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow that would mean NUMBER of my teenage booze mates will have had it	
positive	looking for some free fun ? come to USER friday to see the classic camp films cobra woman jungle island . WEBSITE	
negative	i may go off the grid till NUMBER NUMBER christians keep driving me further from christianity pregnancy after rape is science not god 's will .	
positive	lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies WEBSITE thin mints are criminally good .	
positive	save the night save the day save the love come what may love is worth everything we pay HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG clue ost .nya zorro	
positive	HASHTAG tonight NUMBER pm stardust skate center free b NUMBER TIME pm hosted by HASHTAG its always fun when you rolling ! ! ! haha x NUMBER	
positive	USER you off to cork ? have lots of fun safe trip you 've done a lot since your NUMBER st meet at eurosong haha	
positive	may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet !	
positive	hopefully i have a better day tomorrow ... today was just cow shit well ... im going to big bang concert so of course it 's gonna be bomb !	
positive	last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome NUMBER st day yesterday HASHTAG	
positive	tomorrow venus will eclipse in front of the sun an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the ... WEBSITE	
positive	congrats to trey haley shawn armstrong USER and alex monsalve for being named to the afl 's rising stars team game is sat NUMBER pm	
positive	going to olive garden with my family ! so happy it 's my NUMBER th birthday !	
positive	with a NUMBER NUMBER win last night the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their NUMBER th consecutive win fantastic stuff .	
positive	normally i prefer a spot of rammstein on a sunday morning perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing .	
positive	love this song ! one of my favorites for sure ca n't wait to see you tomorrow at the roxy ! USER WEBSITE	
positive	today i came to the world of television who knows but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush ? i wish this all my soul ! NUMBER	
positive	USER is coming up this weekend ! ! we 're super excited ! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a ap rocky !	
positive	performing tomorrow at the harold washington cultural center with USER come support the teampic .twitter .com NUMBER yegfkrz	
negative	i miss my bestfriend octaveia my cousin april . my bestie kaliyah tricey dasia mikia the other people i miss with at richwood ! !	
positive	are there any aussie directioners from canberra ? ? going there on the NUMBER th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners NUMBER	
positive	show up at our NUMBER nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein ... today is going to rule HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	big day tomorrow ! rvc wbb get their national championship rings and an exciting new era of mbb begins ! good luck USER and coach opat !	
negative	i hate asap on friday ! ! ! ! why i have busy always in the end of week EMONEG	
positive	metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october NUMBER price is PRICE good news for metropcs cust ... WEBSITE more after redirect	
positive	we 're excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed NUMBER st perfect half term entertainment ! cm NUMBER . NUMBER pm lorax at NUMBER . NUMBER pm	
positive	i love thursdays ... grey 's anatomy ... one day closer to friday ... and no driving to huntsville .	
positive	HASHTAG robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish NUMBER st in the group ! ! ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER alright ill go to ticketek tomorrow and sus it for you HAPPY	
positive	il divo somewhere i am going to see them in dubai friday love adore them WEBSITE	
positive	hey la music folks you going to HASHTAG aug NUMBER NUMBER HASHTAG most significant music festival go destructo ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER come on pires ! enjoy the show ! shout out to people in the u .k and ireland would n't go astray ! it 's almost NUMBER am on a sunday !	
positive	glad martin showed up though hopefully it will work out in the long run get out there tomorrow night ! HASHTAG	
positive	just saw wo n't back down the NUMBER nd time ! wow ! viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal are phenomenal ! even better the NUMBER nd time ! amazing cast too ! ! !	
positive	if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person jus hit me up you 'll get it tomorrow	
positive	come on out this saturday and support us in the semi finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert ... WEBSITE	
positive	may have a man crush on ace ! like how is someone just naturally tht sweet ! HASHTAG laurel tavern WEBSITE	
positive	looking forward to facing ms allysin kay this saturday in petrolia ! ! WEBSITE come check it out !	
negative	the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow ...	
positive	tonights friday family movie night is journey NUMBER the mysterious island ! looks promising !	
negative	but then i do n't get why ep kings are gonna play super rugby but they still playing kwi NUMBER st div . crusaders aint no puma 's just so they know	
positive	i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer it may usurp the original 's place in my top NUMBER games ever USER is a genius .	
positive	mushu at the hurricane wearing tressa 's rockstar bday foam guitar after our show last saturday we killed it WEBSITE	
negative	i do n't give a fuck though it 's all about HASHTAG HASHTAG friday night lights at olympic park	
negative	rick stein really is incredibly dull bring back kids' saturday morning telly please you know with pop groups and stuff HASHTAG	
positive	USER oh are we gonna have any august emma scene on tallahassee ? just a yes or no and i 'll be happy happier if it 's a yes !	
positive	is that lady in the NUMBER st scene of wanderlust w jennifer aniston paul rudd the lady from mel 's diner ? if so i am so happy to see her .	
positive	tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck ! ! ! ! this one is good ! also michelle chong brings 'almost famous' to the oscars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	
positive	going to watch connor run the NUMBER x NUMBER m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow wishing him luck ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	i'm totally going to ace the sat ! ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check no socks left behind	
positive	on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl afl may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only NUMBER sleeps away HAPPY	
positive	i like who i am now other people may not i'm comfortable i feel freer now i do n't want growing older to matter to me meryl streep	
positive	USER catch me on sarah g live this sunday ! ! hehe ingat guys ! goodnight ! love you ! ! LOVE	
positive	okay my sister is freaking out because allstar is n't playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaoooo !	
positive	USER sharon hi you may be interested in this jeff timmons on paul and matty show WEBSITE	
positive	wifey princess are going up to granda 's for thanksgiving today i go sunday i think i 'll watch goon !	
positive	ca n't wait to see USER at the house of blues september NUMBER th ! HASHTAG	
positive	i'm gonna just don it during school tomorrow math in tok history in math and bio and spanish during lunch yup that sounds about right .	
negative	'saturday kitchen' is on and it 's sunday mind fucked .	
positive	is paul george gonna take the t mac step in his NUMBER rd year ? hope so	
negative	uh oh ... just turned on cardinals game ... NUMBER st thing i see state farm commercial with kerry wood ... not a good sign for HASHTAG	
positive	USER i'm excited to get my paul george jersey signed by you sunday at the fan jam !	
positive	i remember having to watch the daytona NUMBER for mr hoak 's class in NUMBER th grade HASHTAG USER	
positive	psych and garage rock fans will love USER USER USER at the echo on nov NUMBER th ! tix WEBSITE	
positive	oh great weather warning for tayside and i'm going to dundee tomorrow hope i do n't get stranded up there HASHTAG	
positive	omg journey NUMBER the mysterious island is on dvd monday ! i love that film !	
positive	huffingtonpost tomorrow venus jupiter and the moon will align for a brilliant night show WEBSITE	
negative	i'm going to be so lost at cypress tomorrow	
positive	NUMBER d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor ! WEBSITE via USER	
positive	oneil 's barber beauty will be open monday NUMBER am and not closing to the last person leave ! HASHTAG	
negative	brrrr that was a shock this am ! NUMBER c windy so feels chilly but some sun HAPPY we are colder than siberia so the tabs ... WEBSITE	
negative	danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race WEBSITE	
negative	watching good deeds for the NUMBER st time i'm here all emotional crap smh	
positive	looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at USER in liverpool as guest lecturer	
negative	probably not going to be seeing much of the semi finals tomorrow because i'm going shopping around lunchtime	
positive	ayyyyye ! ! ! baby girl fresh will be at the house of blues in december ! make sure yall come out and support ! WEBSITE	
positive	so ms .sea however you spell her name from berkmar left and now is sn ap at lanier and i skipped NUMBER th period and stayed in her office HAPPY lol	
positive	getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby !	
negative	trina will be in n .o friday ... i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol	
positive	good afternoon everyone it 's monday afternoon and i'm live on the airwaves of amfm till NUMBER pm hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon .	
positive	i hope y'all come NUMBER take ur loved one NUMBER the doctor day at liacouras center saturday i gotta be there at NUMBER am need entertainment ! ! !	
negative	can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow ? cause i really do n't want to go to bca NUMBER i 'd rather eat worms ...	
negative	may be late to the ncs thing i honestly have n't the foggiest where the central library is LAUGH	
positive	fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints ...	
positive	carlos marin on fb NUMBER september NUMBER thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias ... WEBSITE	
negative	luna is taking a break today not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other NUMBER planets until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning	
positive	so proud my alma mater is hosting the NUMBER st debate this wednesday ! debate NUMBER university of denver WEBSITE	
negative	mommy is leaving on sunday did n't say shit like i knew she was leavin but she ai n't say when .	
positive	come spend halloween with us at volare ! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment ! wednesday is ... WEBSITE	
positive	listening to kim soo hyun 's ost for moon sun and thinking about how i'm gonna see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow LAUGH	
positive	x factor home made goodies jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen perfect saturday evening with USER	
positive	please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the NUMBER th annual i know i can back to school drive aug NUMBER .	
negative	although there was that one time he finished NUMBER rd and cannavaro finished NUMBER st yes fabio cannavaro bullshit .	
positive	mayhem ! ! live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct NUMBER at warehouse NUMBER in greensboro nc ! ! ! ! be there ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER glam girls want to invited everyone to enjoy halloween with them tomorrow at the grenader on riverview and rosedale from NUMBER NUMBER pm	
positive	USER just saw u with cannavaro did n't know u were here in italy ! congratz for being the NUMBER nd best in the world ! ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	pacers had a very solid NUMBER th quarter comeback victory paul george played fantastic in the NUMBER st quarter but disappeared after that	
positive	USER goon is always a good idea ! it will probably taste better than the PRICE bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow ...	
negative	google wallet is coming to metropcs so now you wo n't need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen more jokes WEBSITE	
positive	attn hicksville tiger schulmann 's finally has it 's power back ! classes will resume as normal tomorrow we ... WEBSITE	
negative	rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha HASHTAG	
negative	mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time NUMBER nd NUMBER times in points the heartbreaking NUMBER daytona NUMBER .	
positive	i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the bck and was laughing	
positive	i'm late but i just watched good deeds for the NUMBER st time awesome movie ! cried thru most of it turned NUMBER and got sensitive as hell .	
positive	sunday was the first cooler than normal day bdr in october this morning was the coldest one of the season .	
negative	USER listed as star attraction for aust china event today rudd 's office say he never committed pr in charge says he cancelled friday .	
negative	so aston villa have a must win game against norwich city tomorrow lunchtime must win how the mighty have fallen .	
negative	okay tomorrow is hell day ca n't wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible call me danica patrick if you must	
positive	thanks to ek car now smells delish ! ! if you bottled this it 'd be called saturday night dorm bathroom its spokesman would be john belushi .	
positive	thanks ! USER join dean USER on tues NUMBER NUMBER from NUMBER TIME in bdr for the dean 's q tea in honor of nat'l coming out day HASHTAG	
positive	world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia WEBSITE from previous NUMBER th now it is NUMBER th in position HASHTAG	
positive	this may be the happiest day of my life i'm so proud of my ncs football brother you did something i never had a chance to do	
positive	da NUMBER st chinese song ever that interests me WEBSITE . this is ost for drama in time with you n the drama was good ! HAPPY	
positive	actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches twinkees and keith richards happy friday ! WEBSITE	
positive	like a good neighbor state farm is there with an alarm clock that 'll actually wake me up tomorrow .	
positive	my infant son is def keeping wife and up up all night a little sleepy today the book happiest baby on the block has been very helpful	
positive	USER could you wish a friend happy birthday ? HAPPY his name is laurin ! it 's his NUMBER th birthday and he 's a big fan thanks in advance !	
positive	looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january expecting lots of lena dunham paul rudd leslie mann etc .	
positive	the wichita wild still have a shot to make the play offs ? looking forward to saturday 's game ! bet some ww players get nfl contracts .	
positive	listening to ni as in paris explicit by jay z and kanye happy NUMBER st birthday to the thronepic .twitter .com gdw NUMBER gbuc	
negative	USER sorry about that do n't miss the one that 's coming on friday though trayvon 's family are going to be there .	
positive	ah yes sexy saturday in the turner house ... WEBSITE	
negative	emmanuel adebayor has held heart NUMBER heart talks with tottenham manager andre villas boas over his unhappiness at a lack of NUMBER st team football .	
positive	il divo the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september NUMBER .great music in a wonderful concert area WEBSITE	
positive	people are saying it 's one of the best shows they 've ever seen ! ! brothers grimm spectaculathon at east saturday at NUMBER pm ! ! be there .	
negative	as some of you may know we have a fish tank this little guy is named jeff carter sadly i think he 's dying WEBSITE	
positive	rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday ! be sure you register via the website asap HAPPY WEBSITE	
positive	star ships were made to flyyyy HASHTAG HASHTAG you passed NUMBER st grade .	
positive	black actresses shine at the NUMBER th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer viola davis and WEBSITE	
negative	all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers .	
positive	like a good neighbor state farm is there ... with a check for the damage to my truck ... hopefully tomorrow !	
negative	if volstead went against HASHTAG on a monday he 'd give up NUMBER runs in first then cubs make a furious rally late to win HASHTAG	
positive	USER lmao ... hope your enjoying the sun ! love you so much HAPPY HASHTAG camilla parker bowles lol xxx	
positive	USER nice to meet you ! best wishes from guatemala ! il divo will be here in concert for the NUMBER st time ever on the NUMBER th ! i'm going ! LAUGH	
positive	tomorrow i am off to petrolia to see the waltons lol and over to london for evans side of family reunion .	
positive	steve martin dan aykroyd chevy chase john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live ...	
positive	are you coming to our book swap on thursday night ? you should it is fucking ace WEBSITE	
positive	day NUMBER of HASHTAG so far so good ! ... start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel !	
positive	regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night ! everyone go and support our panthers ! ! but you have to be loud ! derby vs north ! HASHTAG	
negative	people talkin shit just wait i 'll be in huntsville tomorrow ! ! let me see you ! !	
positive	congrats ! ! ! to the philippine patriots for winning over singapore slingers last saturday ... go patriots ! ! ! HAPPY	
positive	good work tonight boys wish i could have been out there let 's take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals HASHTAG	
positive	ricky ponting says he 's in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on ... herald sun WEBSITE	
negative	echo sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	pitch darn well sent holidays can begin rick stein 's for dinner tomorrow night ! see you in a week	
positive	you can also catch me in room NUMBER at amplified sessions v club bournemouth next friday supporting roger sanchez in the main room !	
positive	i had such a great time tonight that i 've decided to keep celebrating ! join me at volare this wed and thurs ! bring your food donation !	
positive	brian may confirms that sacha baron cohen will play freddie mercury in a film about the late great queen singer WEBSITE	
positive	fantastic friday at nca ! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight ! USER	
positive	USER april NUMBER st i'm gonna see you guys in london o NUMBER arena ! ca n't wait ! xx	
negative	how is it the dirt poor kids in NUMBER rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley ca n't ?	
positive	my saturday just got better brighter and bolder .	
positive	another HASHTAG vs HASHTAG today for the NUMBER th round of the carling cup ! ! do n't miss out	
positive	USER aww ! im just kidding with you ! WINK and yeeessss ! you do n't have school tomorrow ? thalia does n't either !	
negative	so bca does n't have school tomorrow ... not sure how i feel about that ...	
positive	USER may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band ca n't wait to see them again at soundwave	
positive	USER i love you ! HASHTAG its me camilla parker bowles remember ? lol see you monday i hope ! fingers crossed xxxx	
positive	star wishes all the HASHTAG at USER a HASHTAG time registering for classes may sage be with you USER	
negative	liz is kinda dumb when it comes to men dna swapping is n't even bad in port charles it 's just called tuesday HASHTAG	
positive	USER im meeting you again on monday HAPPY hope you remember me camilla parker bowles lol im gettin a taxi again EMONEG love you so much xxxx	
positive	especially nice to have rosedale USER open in the neighborhood while ne branch at NUMBER th maryland is closed for renovations .	
positive	happy NUMBER rd monthsary HASHTAG ! HAPPY salamat sa pag support ky ate USER HAPPY all for deniesse all for the love .pic .twitter .com fsmbsxu NUMBER	
negative	pretty sure he 's a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter it 's the NUMBER th HASHTAG	
negative	the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies i 've ever sat through i wasted a nap for this ?	
positive	happy HASHTAG ! start your week off right with a HASHTAG on the world bank 's lowered growth forecast for HASHTAG WEBSITE	
negative	ok . going down to melaka tomorrow morning with two others . visiting fren in icu EMONEG	
positive	so into this movie good deeds i may be in love with tyler perry ... 's talent .	
negative	USER i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow i barely have a voice . you and trina are on your own p	
positive	looking forward to seeing all our potential TIME participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center .	
negative	whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday TIME fuck training hitting up USER	
negative	big time rush may be considered to be just a show or a kiddie band but no one can say that they do n't have talent or care about their fans !	
positive	i'm taking the sat at bob jones lol i feel cool .	
positive	USER good luck in the nns race tomorrow ! i 'll be cheering you on as always ! ! HAPPY	
positive	USER hope you are fit for sunday NUMBER pts against arsenal better than watching the carling cup final	
positive	congrats to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october NUMBER th ! pic .twitter .com d NUMBER gwqrgi	
positive	USER good morning tressa ! hope that you have a fabulous friday !	
positive	the sun is shining in cornwall today perfect for a walk in padstow grabbing rick stein 's fish chips on the way WEBSITE	
negative	well ... i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves now i 'll have to take pics of the snow HASHTAG	
positive	doug wead we are not out we are up ! the fight has just begun ! WEBSITE vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday NUMBER NUMBER in HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	ok so the votes for allstar coach are coming in tomorrow .send good energy .i really want this silly super important thing .	
positive	ahhh ! my mom said yes for me to go the a ap rocky concert ! ! nov NUMBER th we out ! HASHTAG	
negative	even our power point in tok did n't want to do anything today so it changed the language HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin i . ca n't . ok i may pass out now .	
positive	USER friday oct NUMBER th ! ! ! ! the alumni will be rocking philly ! ! ! ! ! free show the liacouras center NUMBER pm classic hip hop !	
positive	bowling doubles tomorrow hope everything will be good tomorrow let the luck be with us HASHTAG	
positive	good luck to the HASHTAG players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow show them what you can do HASHTAG	
positive	fashion against aids h m released tomorrow online ... i want that aztec print jacket ... so not me but so colourful !	
positive	hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday june NUMBER th at e NUMBER the event do n't miss it ! WEBSITE	
positive	the hottest open mic is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee you do n't want to be left out join us next friday NUMBER pm ! !	
positive	here 's a great bioshock infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for it 's february ... WEBSITE	
positive	you know what ? goon may be a low brow comedy but it was fun as hell go netflix it .	
positive	HASHTAG tonight NUMBER pm stardust skate center free b NUMBER TIME pm hosted by HASHTAG its always fun when you rolling ! ! ! haha x NUMBER	
positive	USER USER haha the bucs c'mon the t wolves are way better than them love rubio ak NUMBER derrick williams b roy ! ! shved is good NUMBER	
positive	my feeling about fears is if you voice your fears they may come true i'm superstitious enough to believe that meryl streep	
positive	highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see ferry corsten and markus schulz USER november NUMBER th HASHTAG	
positive	what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots down NUMBER late in NUMBER nd NUMBER after NUMBER the pats won NUMBER NUMBER over the singapore slingers	
positive	even though there is rampage tonight a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing USER HASHTAG	
positive	moving to covina in december things are looking up rite about now ! HAPPY	
negative	and now i do see it 's up i 'll blame it on a case of the mondays creighton picked to win wbb siu picked to finish NUMBER th ahead of drake ue	
positive	just bought my ticket to go m watch the romeo santos concert in theater nov NUMBER needs to hurry up ! ! i'm so excited	
positive	alright run it mek we done it ! ! ! ambozia july NUMBER oneil 's place bar karaoke lounge maddd rasss WEBSITE	
positive	ca n't wait for skyfall NUMBER st of nov ! is listening to the ost on spotify considered a spoiler ? i p HASHTAG	
positive	i'm in petrolia the sun 's out is n't that bright enough for you ? p	
positive	USER huum if you 're hungry come to tunisia we have delicious food here ! huum nialler always eat o c'mon !	
positive	HAPPY USER i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater swear they look cute plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush slater	
positive	so glad i walked past the girl scout table today it 's a much better saturday knowing i'm one box of thin mints richer .	
negative	USER watching cannavaro on the NUMBER nd even more embarrassing .	
positive	for the NUMBER nd weekend in a row norwich city get a lucky break still would n't be surprised if villa win but norwich got to get something now	
positive	everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again ! ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	USER are you going to petrolia 's game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby !	
negative	can not fucking wait for tomorrow night house of blues will never be the same after USER USER and USER HASHTAG	
positive	mayoroflondon join in tomorrow at the exciting london children 's book swap events for families who love to read HASHTAG ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER it is predicted that the winter classic and the all star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday . fuck ! ! ! HASHTAG	
negative	USER the tour dates got updated ! fox theatre on the NUMBER th or the NUMBER th ? i do n't want to fuck this up .	
positive	nba predictions champs mia runner up lal mvp lebron NUMBER th man ginobli rookie of the year davis most improved paul george	
positive	big congrats goes out to tampa bay damage for NUMBER nd place at cup and NUMBER nd place overall in the paintball sports ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER hi matey appreciate you passing on my biz cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house !	
negative	HASHTAG my daily tweet NUMBER NUMBER in memory of trayvon martin killed NUMBER days ago may you rest in peace thoughts of love to family	
positive	emme 's NUMBER th birthday cake HAPPY with big time rush ! WEBSITE via USER	
positive	reminder we hope to see you tomorrow night at volstead ! details on our fb page at WEBSITE	
positive	i just got excited because i found out that amy lee 's birthday is the NUMBER th of decemember guys that is a day before my birthday ! so close ! !	
positive	just unloaded jimando at flemington fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow ! HASHTAG	
positive	clever ! australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design herald sun WEBSITE	
positive	WEBSITE vote for ut for college game day visiting we are NUMBER th and texas a m is HASHTAG get on it	
positive	monday already that 's ok at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today we ... WEBSITE	
positive	thank you happiest baby on the block i may sleep a couple hours tonight due to your teaching !	
negative	rudd rains on abbott 's parade kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard 's party but yesterday he gate cra ... WEBSITE	
positive	voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in HASHTAG watch it on USER may NUMBER at NUMBER NUMBER c .	
positive	may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners HASHTAG	
positive	ponting may make history fir australian cricket p nbsp p p ricky ponting could break steve waugh nbsp s re ... WEBSITE	
positive	having a long overdue cd upload session by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil george harrison and disco inferno HAPPY	
positive	thank you abs cbn and bcwmh for the fantastic episode today tomorrow again i ca n't wait to ... WEBSITE	
negative	i'm so pist that i might not be able to go to the volleyball game tomorrow	
positive	happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april NUMBER th WEBSITE	
positive	tell me you ai n't excited ! the twins in eurosong final ! they gonna win the NUMBER st place ! WEBSITE	
positive	love billy crystal introducing the NUMBER st game of the world series .	
positive	mom can i miss a NUMBER on thursday ? if you love me you 'll say yes HASHTAG	
negative	do n't think chelsea should appeal for torres' red card let sturridge play tomorrow it 's the carling cup not pl .	
positive	HASHTAG ! USER friday oct NUMBER th ! ! ! ! the alumni will be rocking philly ! ! ! ! ! free show the liacouras center NUMBER pm classic hip hop !	
positive	the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at NUMBER . NUMBER pm this is the last chance to see it on the big ... WEBSITE	
negative	yesterday the HASHTAG cancelled games up to november NUMBER st the winter classic and all star game could be in jeopardy soon .	
positive	pineapples mangos for pre breakfast getting some work done then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch HAPPY .	
positive	we 've just sampled some of greg 's delicious pretzels for our german themed boardroom dinner tomorrow ! yummy !	
negative	but this is not the NUMBER st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex milan players ... cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases	
positive	circe NUMBER the day i got my acceptance letter to u of o ca n't believe tomorrow i 'll be taking my last test WEBSITE	
positive	i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow wanted to get more info ready but i'm think i'm good with what i have .	
positive	HASHTAG campaign manager doug wead contrary to media lies doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday WEBSITE	
positive	meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever ! ! i want to be related to her ! may go watch HASHTAG	
positive	love taking a youtube break next day hd tv will be here and saturday will be a beast vid	
positive	no worries it 's goin down friday night club visions ! greensboro nc !	
negative	two of my oscars died today do n't know why i guess they could n't stand it out till november NUMBER th .	
positive	hope my interview go a NUMBER tomorrow i really want this job .	
negative	prince william met 'the rottweiler' camilla parker bowles and she came out ... harry may be full of mischief a ... WEBSITE	
positive	so excited to be at the bold manor with USER team preparing for bolder arrival on sunday ! pic .twitter .com kbhulqgi via USER	
negative	USER USER said you made keith richards look baby faced may not have actually said this .	
positive	USER and he has n't lost a match since apr NUMBER nd last year that 's consistent and never forgetting cannavaro the NUMBER st defender to win it	
positive	going to a sunday matinee of dredd NUMBER d probably most excited for the return of lena headey 's natural hair color sarah connor circe	
positive	congrats to the teams who competed at HASHTAG including NUMBER st place u of washington NUMBER nd place us air force academy and NUMBER rd place texas a m !	
positive	happy friday ! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder i would ! lol HAPPY have a great weekend all of our pjd friends !	
positive	they are truly changing the world one life at a time if you 're in mesa az tomorrow come join me and my friend USER for a fun night !	
positive	HASHTAG tonight NUMBER pm stardust skate center free b NUMBER TIME pm hosted by HASHTAG its always fun when you rolling ! ! ! haha x NUMBER	
positive	sportsnation just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go this is the NUMBER rd time ive seen it all week still funny though	
positive	the NUMBER st black woman to ever host the academy awards was USER ! i want to be like her ! HASHTAG	
positive	USER ca n't wait for USER to hit up az on sunday ! let the debauchery begin !	
positive	the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow ! i'm so excited !	
positive	nasa measures extragalactic background light ! awesome implications for understanding the big bang better ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER haha dude it was mental by far easiest defensive driving course created yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday !	
positive	jungle island makes good on PRICE million payment jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami city ... WEBSITE	
negative	how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing u have a chance to be NUMBER st rd pick test positive for marijuana ? HASHTAG	
positive	got nothing going on friday night ? good cause now you do ! come on down black forest in eugene if NUMBER people show ... WEBSITE	
positive	ni as in paris may be better than the original WEBSITE via USER	
positive	haha ... mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i do n't go to work if that made any sense just to stay home thanks	
positive	we have another skate class this monday at the skate center ! it 's from TIME TIME ! bring yourself and your kids fun times will be had !	
positive	USER get well soon tressa ! have a nice day tomorrow HAPPY	
positive	start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday enjoy delicious graze dining from NUMBER pm and ... WEBSITE	
positive	world bank approves us PRICE million for improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam oct NUMBER th	
positive	pals knock NUMBER bag tonight at rich mix ! come and hang out also you can catch me on russell howard 's good news tonight and tomorrow .	
positive	hello everyone .tuesday night like always beef kabob special it is delicious acoustic open mic with brian ruskin ... WEBSITE	
positive	movies tomorrow with jacob HAPPY seeing paranormal activity NUMBER hopefully i do n't pee myself . .	
positive	USER that 's me exactly ! hahaha ... NUMBER th and NUMBER th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all edward omg jacob NUMBER lyfe s t o p	
negative	but my bday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family	
negative	back to norwich city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we could n't fit it all in on monday ... HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica' ost makes me wanna see this amazing tvshow again one day i 'll see it for the NUMBER th time p HASHTAG	
positive	USER see you tomorrow in port charles hope you 're enjoying big brother HAPPY	
positive	wrapping up a NUMBER hour day in huntsville love watching the labs and my students work ca n't wait for more tomorrow woohoo ! HASHTAG	
positive	cant wait for the match tomorrow bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids !	
positive	HASHTAG may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners !	
negative	HASHTAG my daily tweet s NUMBER NUMBER and NUMBER NUMBER in memory of trayvon martin killed NUMBER days ago . may you rest in peace love to the family	
positive	the HASHTAG hve been so good on HASHTAG that the real team might disappoint me jeff carter has NUMBER goals thru january HASHTAG	
positive	jupiter 's almost perfectly in line with the moon rather beautiful may try looking at it tomorrow night via the old telescope .	
negative	another nca football coach needs lessons in pr NUMBER HASHTAG do n't make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media . WEBSITE	
negative	last day of bca tomorrow lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer EMONEG	
positive	glad its friday but i wanna go to the ncs game ... no fun when there is n't anything to do ...	
positive	at noon today you 'll know why HASHTAG tune in to abs cbn to see the NUMBER st HASHTAG of the biggest d' brightest HASHTAG employer in ph HASHTAG	
positive	on modern family when sofia yelled ''c'mon estella'' and ran into the pool omg i laughed like never before .	
positive	USER awesome round and congrats on your NUMBER st tour victory ! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course ... you 've earned it !	
positive	just had the amazing USER pick up her bespoke fascinator for derby tomorrow love this time of year HASHTAG	
positive	tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays USER you wo n't be disappointed ! USER ... WEBSITE	
positive	stimulating promising speech of the world bank 's president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct NUMBER WEBSITE	
positive	USER do you expect tomorrow 's last lap to be action packed like today 's nns ? a g w c would be interesting HASHTAG	
negative	how is the racism threats hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had ? HASHTAG	
positive	btw come rock with us on sat in covina ill be in costume wear yours as well so i do n't feel like in NUMBER z WEBSITE	
positive	last tuesday we asked who is the greatest england captain ever ? and the winner is steven gerrard NUMBER of votes NUMBER nd place for bobby moore	
positive	see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that NUMBER th goal ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	nov NUMBER th in natchitoches la ya boy putting da belt on da line it 's going down i want my people to be there ... get at me ! ! ! HASHTAG ! !	
positive	USER james martin could have you on saturday morning kitching 'this will go wonderfully with the lamb a real musty scrote aroma'	
negative	news sydney oct NUMBER ani pacer james anderson attacked an arrogant michael clarke with a batsman 's pad in the dressing room afte ...	
positive	thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant ! echo and penny will be in friday morning at NUMBER !	
positive	mtsu just beat wku NUMBER NUMBER the sun belt is really starting to get interesting have to take care of business on saturday ! HASHTAG	
positive	oh snap ! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales jason vernau and ollie sanders ! ! ! we 'll see you out there !	
positive	fab review of the wonderful kneehigh 's production of steptoe son in today 's echo runs until sat do n't miss ! WEBSITE	
positive	i wish i lived with laurin randle ... i dnt see her enough after NUMBER th period !	
positive	everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow for rushers it 's big time rush HAPPY	
positive	buy NUMBER get NUMBER free tiket the greatest hits tour blue a NUMBER jeff timmons NUMBER degrees only for tommorow NUMBER feb puri mall pondok indah mall NUMBER	
negative	tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today and wo n't play in the europa league on thursday because of a hamstring injury .	
positive	USER yes but we have lots of fun planned for sat james martin will be on top form with saturday kitchen plus a big surprise tba !	
positive	do n't forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow NUMBER am for the kickball tournament ! HASHTAG	
positive	its my birthday on the east coast now i was born est so i get to party now i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday	
negative	qb printers didnt start wr avery starts and scores on NUMBER st poss NUMBER NUMBER USER down to the wichita wild	
positive	USER have you read happiest baby on block ? USER gave to me it 's great ! you need it i 'll bring to u tomorrow if u have n't	
negative	not here in the east EMONEG though ... moon jupiter capella light up evening sky on november NUMBER tonight earthsky WEBSITE	
positive	field trip to october NUMBER ! breakfast at jungle island meet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about HAPPY	
positive	the heat are playing the NUMBER rd quarter so fast and free that game NUMBER is starting to look like the nba all star game HASHTAG	
negative	so ca n't believe big bang is tomorrow this day came way too soon ! at least i can live it again sat .night ! !	
positive	i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march	
negative	ni as in paris encore NUMBER mosh pits it 's too far away to see b but the NUMBER nd pit failed because of b 's security ! WEBSITE	
positive	semi finals then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far we will	
negative	i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman i really do why is n't he in jail ! ca n't wait for him to be sentenced in june .	
positive	can it be february NUMBER th already ? WEBSITE bioshock infinite looks amazing .	
positive	and on top of it all my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is so delicious today hey wednesday we can get along !	
positive	good morning all the sun is out today in tayside hope you all have a great day today	
positive	tomorrow is HASHTAG its gonna be a good one so come out support covina at san dimas for a big game in the season HASHTAG LAUGH	
positive	i think i'm going to watch the artist for the NUMBER th time in NUMBER weeks NUMBER nite before i got to sleep NUMBER jean dujardin his charming smile LAUGH haha	
positive	USER NUMBER nd half in USER match with pires he takes me out from behind only yellow card of game NUMBER scar still proud on calf	
positive	had a great weekend with the family went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever thanks mom i enjoyed myself sat by the band	
negative	ate mcdonald 's and feel guilty so i'm goin to NUMBER for an hour or NUMBER then to az tomorrow go and try and make my life better	
positive	USER NUMBER days till i see you at HASHTAG at london o NUMBER arena on march NUMBER th NUMBER	
positive	sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family we recommend starting your ... WEBSITE	
positive	jam at the blue diamond tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike good excuse to get out of the house ne NUMBER th sandy	
positive	just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones thats how ready i am for the game HASHTAG	
positive	our last draw for an hd tv is today NUMBER feb at noon good luck everyone ! details to enter the HASHTAG comp	
negative	USER unfortunately not but i did get to tune in to saturday kitchen in the hotel .	
positive	soccer saturday with our son they 're playing the hardest team in the league then the all star game HASHTAG	
positive	toni gonzaga is all smiles here in legazpi ! ! snapshot from the video i took swerte ni kuya may pic w toni gpic .twitter .com NUMBER w NUMBER yjn NUMBER h	
positive	allencarlanz USER will be on sarah g live this sunday don`t forget to watch NUMBER she will have her first ever duet with sarah g p	
negative	worse thing about saturday morning tv ! the omelette challenge pointless and annoying tv even james martin looks bored !	
positive	do n't forget to see 'the exorcist' at the fox theatre on tuesday ! there 's nothing like seeing it on the big screen WEBSITE	
positive	enjoy your networking ? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	chillin in traffic listening to wiz taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his actually it may be in my top NUMBER period	
positive	echo entertainment news jade wright previews the best programmes on tv tonight thursday anyone who accuses c ... WEBSITE	
negative	when trayvon touched my shoulder in NUMBER th period and tried to hide like it was n't him lmfao you can see his tall ass anywhere !	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG to all HASHTAG who have began early may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds .	
positive	sept NUMBER las vegas hard rock randall the ko king bailey vs devon alexander NUMBER year old bailey looking good in his NUMBER win streak .	
positive	USER USER USER has to be the hat trick against manu ... and in a very close NUMBER nd the carling cup final goal o	
positive	i watched sarah g live again i noticed d end na may disiplina talaga ang mga USER nag aantayan sila ng turn to go to sg luv it	
positive	decent woot deals on hd tv 's here till the NUMBER th WEBSITE via USER	
negative	why all y'all going to nca tomorrow ? it ai n't gone solve nothing just create another problem .	
positive	big NUMBER with kevin deniesse devine and ryan sa kick off ng pbb teen edition NUMBER on sunday april NUMBER at NUMBER pm . HASHTAG ! ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	yeaa ! NUMBER rd place ! congrats ! USER end of the game ! indonesia warriors NUMBER NUMBER singapore slingers ! thanks for the supports superriors !	
positive	tonight a show in dc tomorrow greensboro nc ! it 's been too long since i 've performed so exited to see everyone and play the new tunes !	
positive	need a break from studying ? come to USER 's kickball tournament tomorrow at TIME TIME pm ! behind the jc be there ! HAPPY	
positive	sandy has passed by and the cathedral close was only lightly touched whew so yes ncs will be open tomorrow ... WEBSITE	
positive	get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october NUMBER price is PRICE good news for metropcs custom ... WEBSITE	
positive	HASHTAG extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper up NUMBER pts NUMBER NUMBER with TIME left NUMBER st half !	
positive	rum chata hot chocolate thin mints and netflix this is how you do saturday night .pic .twitter .com wnn NUMBER lv NUMBER r	
negative	god he 's a daft thing ! he merlin is not very bright sometimes ! she circe apparently sat there washing her paws ignoring him ! HASHTAG	
positive	so glad i'm not going back to woodlands tomorrow ! looking forward to joseph wright !	
positive	wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on NUMBER oct for a week his wedding ceremony will be held on the NUMBER st in kl ! ! xx	
negative	if got a pimple the size of jupiter 's NUMBER th moon on my forehead ! fml !	
positive	there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrow 's rampage ! get on it ! WEBSITE	
negative	mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday lmfaoooo the fuck i do n't	
positive	USER ferry corsten at digital tomorrow let 's go and rave it up HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	so excited for these upcoming shows ! its time to get halloweird ! NUMBER NUMBER tomorrow night the fox theatre w ... WEBSITE	
negative	NUMBER st time i bring my phone to harold washington it goes off ! EMONEG	
positive	HASHTAG my daily tweet NUMBER NUMBER in memory of trayvon martin killed NUMBER days ago may you rest in peace we must never forget you .	
positive	i'm going to watch eurosong ! croatia is NUMBER th WINK so vote for croatia ! ! !	
positive	WEBSITE any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this .	
negative	i never had a good time i sat by my bedside with papers poetry about estella .	
positive	happy monday ! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck ! half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and ... WEBSITE	
positive	sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play USER i think i like it at about NUMBER bpm .	
negative	you may find this hard to believe but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day see ... WEBSITE WEBSITE	
negative	giants NUMBER rd round pick failed drug test at nfl combine jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec ... WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	my moms under the hilarious impression that i'm spending my saturday loading unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches	
negative	police fear ivan leach also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside scotland since he absconded on oct NUMBER	
positive	imagine danica and danielle meeting USER on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	it 's monday night football wrangler nation ! game time TIME pm vs the wichita wild ! get your tickets now to cheer ... WEBSITE	
positive	celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars WEBSITE	
positive	we 're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow nov NUMBER night at the boys and girls club in pottstown it will start at ... WEBSITE	
positive	i ca n't wait for the sunderland vs newcastle NUMBER rd best derby in england after manchester and north london derby i 'd prefer a newcastle win	
positive	i want to be here the greatest hits tour blue jeff timmons of NUMBER degrees a NUMBER on feb NUMBER ...	
negative	not here in the east EMONEG though ... moon jupiter capella light up evening sky on november NUMBER tonight earthsky WEBSITE	
positive	glad im going to greenville tomorrow night tho	
positive	mayoroflondon join in tomorrow at the exciting london children 's book swap events for families who love to read HASHTAG ... WEBSITE	
negative	sonic on ost is the worst place in NUMBER rd ward !	
negative	abc ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for south australia in their sh ... WEBSITE	
negative	i never watch the oscars but with seth macfarlane hosting i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either .	
negative	USER USER they were in NUMBER th place and the had n't acquired jeff carter yet so not quite .	
positive	are you all ready for roger sanchez this friday at hq nightclub ! ! ! hmu at NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER for table reservations and details ! ! ! !	
positive	sun flower seeds are just to delicious	
positive	the donkey show friday the NUMBER th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in ... WEBSITE	
positive	special conference call tomorrow the NUMBER th at TIME pst TIME est featuring doug wead ! doug is going to give us a ... WEBSITE	
negative	keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful cant we all just forgive hank jr ! ? !	
negative	great ... we had tickets to see the preds on the NUMBER th now the games have been cancelled HASHTAG	
positive	come join in all the fun at the great pumpkin hunt at rosedale gardens this saturday !	
positive	fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night have n't seen her in ages .	
negative	forget the garlic the soup is disgusting ! thanks for nothing saturday kitchen .	
positive	there are still spots available for happiest baby on the block this sunday ! WEBSITE	
positive	lipa TIME WEBSITE beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre	
positive	i'm happy my NUMBER st showing is at NUMBER pm today ... ritz carlton ... let 's sell it ! HASHTAG	
positive	grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday october NUMBER at the gladden farms NUMBER k an WEBSITE	
negative	it official i will not be flying to raleigh nc tomorrow i'm saddened i pray my uppc family has an awesome time in the lord HASHTAG	
positive	tracking texas a m football players in the NUMBER nfl draft texas a m may have the biggest surprise of the NUMBER n ... WEBSITE	
positive	mommy brought me some red velvet cupcakes ! and im gonna play football tomorrow morning with daddy bella and jarvey ! yayy family .	
positive	USER just like the sun and the stars and the sea true love will go on through eternity .sweetheart you are my super star .kisses star	
positive	USER just watched the pursuit of happiness for the NUMBER st time i love it . good deeds by tyler perry is the girl version	
positive	wow ! ! lady gaga is actually at the britney spears femme fatale concert tonight ! ! ! she still listens to her music ! ! ! ! wow ! ! !	
positive	mail in a lather over c NUMBER 's scheduling of four lions to coincide with NUMBER th anniversary of NUMBER NUMBER too good a film for stunt scheduling i think .	
positive	really enjoyed pj harvey tonight contrary to expectations even the black feather head dress was n't too ott .	
positive	my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination NUMBER on friday wow . HASHTAG	
positive	NUMBER rt USER wonderful company and gr NUMBER food in chinatown last night with tour guide USER USER irene	
positive	USER have you watched four lions ? saw it again last night love it fuck mini babybels !	
positive	USER dude you definitely need to get a part in true blood we had pole dancers again this year at the uk convention party tonight	
negative	i officialy hate windows NUMBER it just sucks on my laptop back to xp tomorrow ! and also a huge delay for the movie again EMONEG was so close !	
positive	got email saying my copy of deus ex is on it 's way if it arrives tomorrow i will literally stay up all night playing it no joke .	
negative	that 's really sad charlie rt until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was charlie sheen HASHTAG	
positive	tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza ! tune in to NUMBER . NUMBER fm at NUMBER am for all the elvis presley you can handle it 's gonna be rockin'.	
negative	listening to amy and lucien 's attempts at 'communication' on last night 's big brother ... i fear for the future of mankind sometimes .	
positive	boise state chattanooga embry riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight congrats and welcome gentlemen ! HASHTAG	
negative	if anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont make it out of brazil alive USER	
positive	ahhhh ! loving this new ic champion ! wish i could see it happen this friday EMONEG crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam !	
negative	looking at the temp outside ... hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down ? ? ? ? feel like i'm in vegas just adding humidity	
positive	ca n't wait for september NUMBER th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo HAPPY	
positive	six good reviews for the new deus ex i'm going to pre order it today i 've seen enough coverage to know it 's going to be worth a look .	
positive	tomorrow is the NUMBER th anniversary of elvis presley 's death i love you rest in peace .	
negative	terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra	
positive	USER NUMBER nd goal barcelona would be proud of cleverly isnt the future he 's the present sneijder coming soon ... rt please HAPPY	
negative	why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october ? i'm gonna be battling my bday soul punk and people running in circles	
negative	i ca n't believe aaron carter is coming out with his NUMBER th album tha carter iv	
positive	almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight oh my what time is it on at guys ?	
positive	dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing HASHTAG WEBSITE	
negative	USER tiger woods is awful luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on tgc today and not cbs where everyone can see .	
positive	USER wwooo fasho ! u know i gotchu ! ima c u in vegas on the NUMBER st blud !	
positive	day NUMBER in the big brother house and it 's ingleton waterfalls trail today promises some amazing scenery !	
positive	cant wait to rock apologize by one republic jesus freak by dc talk tonight gettin redy to rock sasabo japan	
negative	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against HASHTAG debate what ? same time as packers saints HASHTAG opener ? ! ?	
negative	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore ! HASHTAG	
negative	dtn usa charlie sheen 's 'winning' ways get roasted he may have looked like he was winning but actor c ... WEBSITE	
negative	i would be surprised if tha carter iv was anything greater than shit ... hope i'm proved wrong but the NUMBER st NUMBER singles are doo doo	
positive	ca n't wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow .	
negative	boehner tells obama that sorry the house is all booked up for sept NUMBER maybe you can come another day ... WEBSITE	
negative	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday	
positive	tomorrow is gonna be like the super bowl for the ravens vs steelers game	
positive	just pre ordered the droid bionic pick up from the verizon store next friday ! HAPPY brevard nc WEBSITE	
negative	once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market ... whatever happens there can be no blank check !	
positive	yayyy ! ! ! rt USER nicki minaj pink friday up NUMBER places to HASHTAG on the official uk top NUMBER HAPPY WEBSITE	
positive	USER USER USER you know what ? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday ! i ca n't wait !	
positive	great game ... tremendous way to start the season bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona .	
negative	league ? rt USER i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday ... i need sleeping pills ...	
positive	deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight fucking love you twitter followers .	
positive	all of the real democrats won their respective races will move on NUMBER face the NUMBER recalled republican state senators on august NUMBER HASHTAG	
positive	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight ... oh yeah .	
negative	eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight do n't be surprised if you see gaga using britney 's props on her next tour lol	
positive	hope pj harvey takes home the mercury tonight ! great record !	
positive	USER loool errr . i 'll have to it watch it today was watching celebrity juice last night	
positive	USER steve jobs' silky mouthed fellatio is akin to the bliss of my iphone each and every morning hail to the king baby !	
positive	august NUMBER th rt USER ca n't wait to see the inbetweeners movie will has to be my favourite ! when 's it out ?	
positive	boise state chattanooga embry riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight congrats and welcome gentlemen ! HASHTAG	
positive	i would love to watch vampire diaries tonight HAPPY and some heroes ! great combination	
negative	USER i do n't feel the rugby world cup fever via NUMBER am i the only one ? is n't it rugby friday ?	
positive	USER best thing about thursday is celebrity juice HAPPY	
positive	USER been trying to decide on a new show to watch always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions i may go NUMBER it have a blessed day	
negative	why did i just hear some car driving slowly down NUMBER th street blarring ... elvis presley ?	
positive	USER good morning yuki ! oh i like your name too does it means snow ? riko is n't my real name i 've chose it because i like japan .	
positive	USER he 's a very good looking guy is s NUMBER on netflix ? i think i'm watching it tonight	
negative	strip club owner guessing we 'll make NUMBER times as much a night . republicans got plenty of money they take it all from poor people HASHTAG	
positive	saw at last kung fu panda NUMBER yesterday with my cousins HAPPY	
positive	she call me baby i call her bae sorry NUMBER the wait carter iv on the way ! august NUMBER th hellllll yeahhh ! WINK	
negative	displeased with lion i may take this opportunity to learn windows NUMBER or linux or poke myself in the eye .	
positive	morning its all systems go for the week ! ! paytime and deus ex out later in the week this is truly HASHTAG	
positive	USER USER is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game ? i happen to be off duty tomorrow HAPPY	
positive	my brothers gf is on me to use her netflix acct because i love my movies so i 'll all for giving it a try tonight	
positive	USER morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics WEBSITE	
positive	can silicon valley re charge solar energy ? silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left ... WEBSITE	
positive	vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties . sounds great ! ! ! HAPPY	
positive	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight .	
positive	USER lol look for the bright tiger woods not hard to miss me today	
positive	we love the king ! NUMBER years ago today elvis presley released his double sided hit do n't be cruel hound dog ... WEBSITE	
positive	i love you all so much come join us on saturday evening for the uga v boise state game game is at NUMBER pm but we ... WEBSITE	
negative	last night for USER 's lloyd robertson a sad day for news will miss that deep voice HASHTAG	
positive	rt USER nicki minaj pink friday up NUMBER places to HASHTAG on the official uk top NUMBER HAPPY WEBSITE	
positive	four lions watch it on channel NUMBER tonight at NUMBER pm best film ever i have this on my ipad never tired of it WEBSITE	
positive	USER droid bionic this thursday never thought the day would come .	
negative	do n't want to play one that 's too long what with street fighter iii NUMBER rd strike on wednesday and deus ex human revolution on friday .	
negative	USER this tweet was poorly timed surely they 'd be hidden ... rt USER NUMBER handy tips for windows NUMBER that you may not know	
positive	i'm not going on holiday until the NUMBER th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out lol WINK georgia	
negative	one million people marched in london in the past six months but they do n't care until NUMBER NUMBER tottenhams tonight WEBSITE	
negative	USER obama 's goal is to lead us into NUMBER rd world status so you 're absolutely right obama does n't care	
negative	damn someone saved holder from the earthquake ! technically dont know why w biden out obama always out boehner is NUMBER rd in line !	
positive	i'm exited about friday ! no offense but who is tonga ? nz ca n't just make up names and countries play fair .	
positive	morning all just woke up to madonna on the radio with borderline cool	
negative	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today 's republicans	
positive	after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	excellent performance by pj harvey last night ! hairs on back of neck stuff ! good company too with USER USER and andrea HAPPY	
negative	USER he may be that but obama spent PRICE billion a day after getting uncle sam 's credit card in his hot little hands so it all fits	
positive	if twilight wins all the awards at the tca 's tonight i will burn my twilight posters k ? ok .	
positive	today very rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .	
negative	caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out USER ! ! wtf . cmon bro ! are you serious right now	
positive	some good television tonight gonna get on jersey shore on the planner and NUMBER out of ten cats and maybe red or black HASHTAG	
positive	USER i swear my facebook was exploding this morning ! booms all over the fucking place ! reminded me of four lions LAUGH	
positive	kolchak the night stalker before the x files excellent scary tv on netflix huzah	
negative	the gop 's greatest crime ? USER boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night ... WEBSITE	
positive	eh em ... attention ! true blood is on tonight oh yeah ! sink ur teeth into it ! lol	
positive	today very rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans .	
positive	o inbetweeners movie a week today ! ! aaaahhhh ! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause i 'll be 'knee deep in clunge' WINK	
positive	the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from NUMBER NUMBER pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix we 'll have a race car for you to see !	
positive	finally wrapped up shooting in vegas time for a good night on the town HAPPY	
positive	USER i'm going on big brother 's bit on the side next tuesday ! i thought you would appreciate this haha HAPPY	
negative	usa golf today bob ryan tiger now a jag just another guy bob ryan of the 'boston globe' called tiger woods ... WEBSITE	
negative	f train was messed up again today between york and carroll st ... what 's going on mta ? ? ? ? get it together ! ! !	
negative	here is the nip slip that happened yesterday on good morning america ... and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has ... WEBSITE	
positive	rt USER i hope notre dame wins tonight and the steelers win tomorrow	
positive	sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face tonga on friday this man is one to watch my other is isreal dagg HASHTAG	
positive	good night michael jackson i do love you see you in my dream LOVE	
positive	starting the NUMBER rd season of sons of anarchy i watched seasons NUMBER and NUMBER in the last couple weeks i'm seriously hooked	
negative	if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position HASHTAG	
positive	watching the vampire diaries from the beginning a classic saturday night LAUGH and with USER HAPPY lolz	
positive	final destination NUMBER august NUMBER death how we 've missed you .	
positive	USER good luck tonight the teen choice awards HAPPY i know twilight is gonna take them all ! ! ill b watching xoxo	
positive	hide in country clubs all u want boehner ! reverserobocall .com launching soon i'm one of NUMBER st in line ! join me HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	i had an awesome time at HASHTAG now it 's on to work saturday nite in vegas this should be fun .	
positive	media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday saturday is gonna be epic USER	
positive	USER glad twilight night was a success i 'll make it to the next one ! sorry to be the lame o !	
positive	girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student i gave her a go ducks before she went out did n't seem to faze her .	
positive	USER its almost NUMBER pm in japan now ... heheh ... but good morning to you too	
negative	my random rant of the night lady gaga being considered a fashion icon ! who in their right mind considers that fashion ? she dresses in trash .	
negative	USER do n't do it ! he wo n't respect you ! rt USER boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday WEBSITE	
positive	i know one thing i can do tomorrow . write a blog post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries !	
positive	USER celebrity juice tonight NUMBER pm itv NUMBER hurrraaaaah ! its a back to school special who 's featuring ! the wait is too much ! ooosh	
negative	the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight .	
positive	ca n't wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop	
positive	the raiders need to represent tonight !	
positive	the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency WEBSITE	
positive	i just realized the teen choice awards were tonight at NUMBER ! HAPPY i hope rob kristen and anything twilight related wins !	
negative	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday	
negative	USER ru showing the all blacks v tonga game friday nite ? with the sound up ? definitely not showing the league right ? HASHTAG	
positive	nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america youlve gotta see it afghan says so WEBSITE	
positive	good morning ! need a google invite ? WEBSITE i have a few HASHTAG love to see the HASHTAG folks there !	
negative	criticism of rick perry is ridiculous which choice ? obama 's hip hop barbecue two days ago or perry praying for the president today ?	
positive	USER vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the bring back the brown sd is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow	
negative	re USER what the heck was obama doing for the NUMBER st NUMBER years when democrats controlled everything ? ! ! ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER nice ! disagreement ! of course he sat down with boehner only thi USER WEBSITE	
positive	omg i ca n't wait to see what beyonce is gonna do at the vma 's sunday august NUMBER th ! WEBSITE	
negative	i'm stuck in london again ... EMONEG i do n't wanna spend the night in mcdonald 's !	
positive	im getting horny hey that reminds me is it the NUMBER th yet ? new two and a half men and or roast of charlie sheen	
negative	is it april fool 's day ? real madrid signs NUMBER year old argentine prospect leo espn WEBSITE	
positive	true blood tonight ! always the best night of the week .	
positive	USER steelers fans are awesome ! just for that i'm making it my mission to piss off a brown 's fan today hehe HASHTAG	
positive	good morning its definitely time NUMBER a new phone alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore tryin NUMBER wait on steve jobs before i make a move	
positive	fun night tonight at vampire diaries great teen choice award winners !	
positive	every time i do n't have anything to do i 'll watch the shows i stopped halfway lol and it 's teen top 's mta today p	
positive	fun date night with my girl home early ice my aching body wish i had netflix right about now ...	
positive	gym workout starting with beyonce then katy kylie and finally bruno great start to the morning	
positive	i knw my ish ! ... kev hart voice ... lol ! happy sunday ! rt USER lol prt USER if kevin hart make u ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER haha was it as bad as your night in barcelona with the bucket o chund ! ?	
positive	hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to USER its too good too stop watching all day viewing today !	
negative	what if cena wins the undisputed wwe championship match at summerslam this sun ? a riot is very likely to take place ! !	
positive	USER hope u have a great show tonight me the chi in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow !	
positive	inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the NUMBER th of august i have never wanted to see a movie so bad ! ! HASHTAG WINK	
negative	check this video out obama sarkozy cameron how many children did you kill this night ? WEBSITE via USER	
negative	im on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp jus to laugh at these poo ass freshman snare drummers	
positive	rt USER i went to see kevin hart and still ca n't wait to go see the movie on the NUMBER th !	
negative	russian air crash kills 'almost all of khl team pavol demitra karlis skrastins ruslan salei brad mccrimmon among the dead may they all HASHTAG	
positive	is all about one night by elvis presley	
positive	USER so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight love you girl . britney	
positive	ufc NUMBER this sunday from NUMBER am anderson silva v yushin okami do n't miss it in the sports bar live WEBSITE	
negative	apparently the HASHTAG are tonight i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane .	
positive	i feel like a kid before xmas i cannot wait to get onert USER in case you missed it ... nokia n NUMBER release date WEBSITE	
positive	as good as the fights were tonight i'm glad this one is over one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG tonight first episode of jersey shore season NUMBER premieres tonight ! ! ! ! ! WINK	
negative	dang forrest did n't get it done EMONEG he was our last american hope tonight oh well ... now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami	
positive	HASHTAG kung fu panda NUMBER dnt judge me i like animated movies plus the NUMBER st one was the shit .	
positive	rainy day got alot done tho registration tmrw morning ! rdy to eat din and watch sons of anarchy ca n't wait for the new season ! HASHTAG	
negative	absolutely gutted wish i could watch rt USER lloyd robertson set to end NUMBER year run as national news anchor tonight WEBSITE	
positive	i saw okay movie there friday night rise of the planet of the apes i still like conquest	
positive	after an almost NUMBER year career lloyd robertson broadcasts his last USER sept NUMBER he joins us next	
positive	USER USER at da end of da night no girl that roll with me is on da mta ! they are above that as long as i can afford that !	
negative	USER i laugh to death ! ! ! lol ! ! do n't trust the translation of google anymore ! it 's is full of errors ! ! btw u played truant today . !	
negative	very jealous of the ridiculous adventure USER is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother .	
positive	USER USER USER do n't forget to look out for me and USER in the audience of celebrity juice tonight bangtidy !	
positive	looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight has it started in ireland yet ? ? what do tweeps think ? ? HASHTAG	
positive	caught up on true blood ! ! i love it ... now time for bed ! night peeps . be safe tonight HAPPY ! ! !	
negative	USER watched last week 's jersey shore last night you put your own head into the wall ? seriously crazy ! atleast ronnie did n't !	
positive	USER congrats on the new contract and good luck tomorrow in bmore ! go steelers !	
negative	sad news today what a great player rt USER pavol demitra has died in the russian plane crash .	
positive	just in case you need some inspiration today steve jobs' NUMBER stanford commencement address WEBSITE via USER	
positive	to anyone planning on watching the teen choice awards tonight spoiler alert the winners are justin bieber and twilight .	
positive	excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight	
positive	went to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight it was pretty dope i give it NUMBER bananas .	
negative	is it just me or is google apps email just plain slow today ?	
negative	USER what 's annoying is that the one i pre ordered just came today ... steve jobs just looted my card .	
positive	a win for either metronomy everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight 's mercury awards .	
positive	off to learn about google analytic today ... i hope it does n't get too technical looking forward to it though .	
positive	is about to go see the help ! ! ca n't wait for final destination NUMBER on friday ! !	
negative	then USER idk he danger we in a whip full w deals weapons beyonce new cd night almost killed me im n NUMBER self preservation bro	
positive	NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER madonna released holiday as a single from madonna the first album it was the NUMBER st madonna song to enter the billboard hot NUMBER .	
negative	USER conrad murray claims mj was unable to sleep the entire morning yet murray was on his phone all am does that make sense ? no .	
positive	child like excitement building ahead of the HASHTAG think my NUMBER nd team is going to be tonga HASHTAG	
positive	yassss deus ex is actually out NUMBER th august that 's brightened up my day a bit HAPPY	
positive	must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before NUMBER pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy	
positive	USER sold out tonight ! ! charlie sheen 's cake party ! ! marco hanna live with dudu sax ! ! !	
negative	i want to see eb but idk do n't look to good guess ill call it a netflix night .	
positive	devo brown thanks for another great night everyone ! ! do n't forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson jason priestley !	
positive	i'm so pumped for jersey shore NUMBER tonight ! i want USER and vinny to hook up LAUGH	
positive	HASHTAG elvis presley love me tender just as good as USER version at solus cardiff in november ' NUMBER	
positive	ca n't wait for tomorrow night ! and no not bc of jersey shore but bc it 's the first official game of the nfl season !	
positive	its NUMBER am i have to wake up at TIME in the morning to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore ? to sleep ! nah i think i 'll stay up LAUGH	
negative	droid bionic pops up on motorola site looks set for september NUMBER release between the leaked ads blurry photos ... WEBSITE	
positive	off to see the nokia n NUMBER tomorrow it 'll be like being a real consumer tech dude again also off to an event at the new winnings store .	
positive	who wants to go see USER beat canada 's rugby team tonight in glendale co ? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way ?	
positive	tgi friday 's was good ! going to the moves to see rise of the planet of the apes .	
positive	morning all another day at USER meeting the stars of true blood autographs and photos for me today once the vodka fug has cleared	
positive	celebrity juice tonight NUMBER pm itv NUMBER hurrraaaaah ! its a back to school special	
positive	just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept NUMBER th HAPPY	
positive	nokia n NUMBER in nine seconds by ian posted on the NUMBER th of july NUMBER at TIME am global the nokia n NUMBER is fast so fast that a regular NUMBER s ...	
negative	USER o o well unfortunately you 'll prob need at least one of those if you come to london in late oct !	
positive	i guess i'm going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight	
positive	i'm really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of that 's my bitch off watch the throne monday must come sooner	
positive	charlie sheen seems pretty confident badass for his upcoming roast he actually seems like he has it together i may watch .	
negative	USER rt why does steve jobs hate you your link WEBSITE cars perform my best friend 's girl needs flash to play	
negative	yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan i embarrassed as a japanese was a moment of silence for the first time .	
negative	let 's see what shitty movie netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight .	
negative	USER uh oh you must have loathed my apartment why did n't madonna have her outburst in july ? ? ?	
positive	finally watching last weeks true blood ready for the new episode tonight how is everyone else this morning ?	
negative	today is my birthday the anniversary of the death of elvis presley and the birthday of madonna i wonder if i 'll be famous ... i no talent	
positive	congrats to client USER for his tv debut on big brother 's bit on the side last night analysing social media mentions of housemates	
positive	anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at TIME tomorrow afternoon HASHTAG	
positive	NUMBER day left ! time is ticking down ... tonga should start getting worried '' just kidding may the best team win ! ! ! '' tomorrow .go blacks	
positive	kicking off the world cup friday all blacks vs tonga ! ? ! yeeeaah ! ! i'm so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn a glass a bubbly ! ? !	
positive	really looking forward to the release of deus ex hr on friday just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow ...	
negative	perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER th anniversary ... HASHTAG	
positive	well since it 's been the NUMBER th here n japan NUMBER over NUMBER hrs i 'd like NUMBER wish my bff USER a grand NUMBER th sad i ca n't b there w you .	
positive	bring it on ! ! HAPPY rt USER kung fu panda NUMBER will released on tuesday NUMBER august NUMBER	
positive	walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely love london at night LAUGH	
negative	pray no one gets hurt or killed in london tonight guys this looks like it 's gonna go on for hours .	
negative	facebook scam says lady gaga 's dead ! realbollywood .com news london aug NUMBER a scam doing the rounds on ... WEBSITE	
positive	we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night ... i actually enjoyed it a lot ! that chimp caesar was a great actor seriously .	
positive	britney lady gaga 's here tonight me what ? watches gaga the rest of the night me who 's concert was that ? i forgot WINK	
positive	i'm worried i may sing out loud on the train ! ! beyonce 's album just gets me in the singing mood everytime !	
negative	crap i meant to let HASHTAG use my microsoft office thing for their computer today ... well he 'll get it one weekend when we both in town !	
positive	USER omfg britney is like here in ma ... ahhhh ! ! ! along with nicki minaj omggg the concert is tomorrow LAUGH dd this is great ! LAUGH	
negative	my soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere so far today has been a bigger bitch than madonna is to hydrangeas .	
positive	USER oh my gosh that 's hilarious love it ! did you read the one on steve jobs ? WEBSITE love the tuesday reading HAPPY	
positive	prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash pavol demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace EMONEG	
positive	watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that towie is full of helmets surely im not the only one ?	
positive	shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle ! fun WEBSITE	
positive	yaaayy ! ! LAUGH rt USER kung fu panda NUMBER in NUMBER d NUMBER d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues NUMBER august	
negative	prayers and thoughts to pavol demitra 's family today and all others on the plane the blues nation lost a loved member today	
positive	USER good morning irene HAPPY i love the tiger photies so much ! do you own them ?	
positive	ok i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night ! tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj NUMBER mo night i need NUMBER get looking	
positive	yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august NUMBER th should be well funny	
positive	USER USER four lions is on sunday night NUMBER pm on USER make sure you watch it boys eid mubarck imran HASHTAG	
positive	had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson bit in tomorrow 's journal big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick off .	
positive	kicking off in london tonight ? wait til you see the west ham fans tomorrow after we 've beaten them NUMBER NUMBER WINK	
positive	steelers gonna beat the ravens tomorrow lol	
positive	listening to that elvis presley ... he may be on to something with his rock and roll !	
positive	USER irene thank you very much for your lovely mts today much appreciated ! hope you have a great weekend !	
positive	retweet if you 're ready for big brother tonight ! HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	last night for USER 's lloyd robertson a sad day for news will miss that deep voice HASHTAG	
positive	off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas oh yeah HAPPY	
positive	very impressed with joco teenage republicans ! NUMBER teens showed up today ready to HASHTAG big government and obama ! HASHTAG	
negative	maybe she wo n't ... but shit then again maybe she will ... she will ft drake coming out today ! single off carter iv !	
positive	stayed up too late to watch the NUMBER st ep of sons of anarchy new favourite show ! HASHTAG	
negative	USER democrats will quickly implode and concede obama will either veto the boehner bill or invoke the NUMBER th amend ... then impeach !	
positive	i will be at the movies friday night to see final destination NUMBER i'm in love with scary movies HAPPY	
positive	weird thing today my copy of deus ex hr shipped probaby have the box a few days before steam lets me play it .	
negative	if twilight wins all the awards at the tca 's tonight i will burn my twilight posters k ? ok .	
positive	USER good ! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at NUMBER am so il be up watchin it for the great one . HASHTAG	
positive	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight HAPPY perfection HASHTAG	
positive	weezy 's carter iv out on the NUMBER th ! lets fuckin go	
positive	in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept NUMBER rd and give power to the pac nw ! HASHTAG	
positive	WEBSITE how true think it 's time for another deus ex playthrough before dx NUMBER is released friday week .	
negative	USER are you off somewhere nice ? i'm bored today got a list of NUMBER applications i need to get ready for windows NUMBER tedious	
negative	oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight we are not playing we are irrelevant tonight .	
negative	USER USER good morning you two have you heard about obama the un and HASHTAG WEBSITE he 's a traitor .	
positive	talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the mta yesterday no seriously bulletproof design .	
positive	pj harvey or king creosote would be deserving winners of the HASHTAG prize tonight but think tinie tempah will nick it	
positive	okay this wookie boy too childish he say i gotta hear my favorite song NUMBER st and this niggah play NUMBER NUMBER by beyonce HAPPY i love that song man	
negative	about as much interest in today as i do in the rugby world cup HASHTAG	
positive	tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight love you girl . britney WEBSITE	
negative	well our playwright mel did n't make it to HASHTAG today due to mta 's incompetence so i guess we gotta eat his birthday treats ...	
negative	sunday dialogue curing the health system ... fostered by republicans who place ideology over country took tha ... WEBSITE	
positive	so u tx me and ask if i can spend the night .haha i do n't even know u kevin hart voice haha	
positive	evening grace patriots ! god bless restore r great country r people r vets r men women in uniform the nations of israel japan !	
positive	alright everyone lets do this NUMBER winners tonight at NUMBER pmest girl and boy winners NUMBER microsoft points me and follow for a chance to win	
positive	USER oh that 'll be nice where you going ? umm think i'm going to see inbetweeners on wednesday otherwise free ? hannibal rising ?	
negative	i'm sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch HASHTAG	
positive	mail on sunday cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER channel NUMBER friday NUMBER . NUMBER pm i think looks like it 's going to be a really good documentary obama 's involved !	
negative	USER you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday right ? ? why does the card have only NUMBER matches right now ?	
negative	macdougall is killing the raiders mad dog scores NUMBER nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston gidley misses kick knights NUMBER NUMBER	
positive	jersey shore season four tonight HAPPY x	
negative	this HASHTAG may be the only thing in the history of the mta that has n't caused service disruptions ...	
positive	went to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight great movie b for sure ! ! lchris rockz ! ! !	
positive	USER USER yeah it 's on netflix i think now i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today .	
positive	also back to school special celebrity juice on itv NUMBER tonight ! oushhhhh	
negative	i was watching ex ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson !	
negative	nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy details on www .scotlandrugbyteam .org .	
positive	want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight the man is a total class act HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER watched the cricket awesome game followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves ! great night of tv !	
positive	watching kung fu panda NUMBER with the tribe the nieces ... a mellow evening	
negative	my NUMBER st ever male frnd in london just send me a ping ! ! ! dat ping is so annoying he is my NUMBER st gud frnd bet why dis ping ? ? ? angry much	
positive	summerslam may be interesting after all ! USER saves the day again HASHTAG	
positive	steve jobs is my man of the century NUMBER years ago they were this close to bankruptcy today apple is the most valuable company in d world	
negative	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today 's republicans	
positive	ca n't wait until anderson silva taps out tonight USER USER	
positive	last night i had a dream that i made it to the vma 's i was on NUMBER park talking about my album coming out time to make it all a reality .	
positive	ok so i 've watched jersey shore today for the first time ever ca n't say i believe the hype but its comical .	
positive	nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth ! perfect saturday night HAPPY	
positive	we salute you lloyd robertson good evening HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	USER cannot afford to go like USER in the NUMBER th carter iv has to be great anything less its a failure	
negative	four lions is a brilliant film but i think it may be a bit insensitive of channel NUMBER to show it so close to NUMBER NUMBER ...	
negative	are you waiting for nokia n NUMBER getting released in us ... well that may not happen EMONEG WEBSITE	
negative	i honestly cannot believe why australia are n't taking USER to the rugby world cup might not be NUMBER st choice but still a talent .	
negative	ask for lil wayne get michael jackson bug me about wiz khalifa get guns roses the point of the night is to step outside the matrix ...	
negative	it 's TIME in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries sad .	
positive	finished deus ex last night should probably stay tight lipped but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb !	
negative	stuck at the office tomorrow saffers ? missing ab 's v tonga ? try USER on streaming alternative rugby commentary arc	
positive	wohooo ! rt USER kung fu panda NUMBER in NUMBER d NUMBER d both with indonesian subtitles tentatively scheduled to open on tues NUMBER august isk	
positive	oh look four lions is on channel NUMBER tonight do watch it if you have n't before brilliant film i properly laughed and properly cried .	
positive	shating rt USER celebrity juice tonight NUMBER pm itv NUMBER hurrraaaaah ! its a back to school special	
positive	today i saw many great news like hp touchpad discount and another news is about nokia n NUMBER swipe this new ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER pretty good . hbu ? ready to watch the raiders tonight ? ?	
positive	hmmm ... thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery HASHTAG in vegas and HASHTAG in may ... decisions to be made !	
positive	USER good morning irene have a nice day !	
positive	gamers ! ! do n't even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight we 've got rage deus ex bodycount dead island more !	
positive	in the car with the parents on the way back home home heading to atl to say good bye to sweet irene tomorrow .	
positive	USER lmfao ! you know why they call japan the land of the rising sun right ? ... cause everyone there is squinting all day long .	
negative	the mta should cost less at night i think i waited more than NUMBER minutes and it 's pretty freaking hot underground thanks HASHTAG	
positive	anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight .	
positive	the other night i had a dream uga beat boise state let 's hope it comes true	
positive	it still has n't hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers ravens day .	
positive	sometimes you just got to put the michael jackson song from free willy on repeat all morning .	
positive	our new dance instructor for HASHTAG has toured w beyonce ! ! ! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy ! ! !	
negative	omg worst last NUMBER days in a while looking forward to true blood to cheer me up tonight .	
positive	i may love asians from japan ! but i have a girl that i'm gonna marry believe it ! she 's a ghetto ass short girl that 's clumsy as fuck lol .	
negative	USER NUMBER grown adult males watching kung fu panda NUMBER on NUMBER nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but hk land of murses	
positive	saw rise of the planet of the apes with the gf last night ... it was a pretty damn good movie ... y'all should go check it out	
positive	today 's HASHTAG number NUMBER goes to USER because he 's soo good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security .	
negative	somewhere in appleland steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen eah !	
positive	next monday vampire diaries are back ! watch it HAPPY very happy now HAPPY	
negative	remembering the good times with pavol demitra i was there on this night ... deeply saddened by todays tragedy WEBSITE	
positive	USER congrats to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis last broadcast on ctv nat'l news is thursday .	
negative	congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight suppose we 'll see you in the education related protests soon HASHTAG	
positive	k im done lookin at nicki minaj 's titties for NUMBER nite ... found someone to skype with ! smiles for those late night skype sessions .god bless women	
positive	just watched four lions cool awesome song to finish it with too HASHTAG aphex twin avril NUMBER th	
negative	USER failed yet again with HASHTAG and their customer service overnight work guess what microsoft ? it 's morning here .	
negative	the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this all six dems are now winners all six repubs are losers to be HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	this friday night at the warehouse dowtown shreveport NUMBER pm irene and the sleepers super water sympathy and cowboy mouth ! ! be there ! rt !	
negative	USER obama is weak because he could have done it alone with the NUMBER th ammendment when he knew that congress would block it .	
negative	springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup ek dink dis gooie nuus ! sorry !	
positive	saadra the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom the latest round of spyshots c ... WEBSITE	
negative	goodnight irene .al you are easily amused this club stinks .i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant .	
negative	remembering former st louis blues star pavol demitra today he was a true talent class guy all the way a very sad loss for his family .	
negative	we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun immigrants 'hero police' will also get a headline .	
negative	USER we was on the move today that mta was not sexy though whippington is needed	
positive	in barcelona tomorrow ... time to bring out the tees and shorts HAPPY	
positive	her 's us making sure people feel ok with windows NUMBER today HAPPY buy windows NUMBER today keep same pc for windows NUMBER upgrade WEBSITE	
positive	mbaaah ! shut up sleep or sit down ! boom i love nohle rt USER wish i could fly to irene just NUMBER get my good night kiss ! ! HASHTAG	
negative	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore ! HASHTAG	
positive	droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc may finally be headed for us glory WEBSITE	
negative	hey HASHTAG no matter how you slam obama you own our credit rating downgrade it is all your fault we 'll remind you in nov NUMBER HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	wayne is on his NUMBER th single w carter iv already still no album drop . sounds to me like he 's searching for hits but has n't found one yet	
positive	lloyd robertson 's last newscast is tomorrow night the end of an amazing career and honestly the end of an era HASHTAG	
negative	so sad to hear about pavol demitra the other khl players' tragic passing in the plane crash today absolutely terrible news .	
positive	pj harvey has to win nobody deserves it more the new album was amazing ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER got you in NUMBER th rd have a great year ! here we go steelers here we go !	
negative	beyonce needs a new sound you may call it hating i'm just being real .	
positive	look forward to watching alex reid on celebrity juice at NUMBER pm on itv NUMBER tonight .	
positive	just found all of st voyager on netflix i know what i'm doing for the rest of the night woo ! !	
negative	today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper i beg to differ since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that ?	
positive	well the cool thing with democrats in power doma is getting reviewed on the NUMBER th .	
positive	nicki minaj pink friday up NUMBER places to HASHTAG on the official uk top NUMBER HAPPY WEBSITE	
negative	have you hated auburn today ?	
positive	espn got some good stuff on tonight .	
positive	full time happy days apologies for the tweetathon gotta finish tomorrow 's presentation now derby in the morning HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv HASHTAG	
positive	because the night belongs to lovers nuit blanche NUMBER WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	may the sun in his course visit no land more free more happy more lovely than this our own country ... happy independence day .	
positive	talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to c all my family nd my great granny ! !	
positive	USER lmao no nigga on nfl fantasy i got pretty good team ill show you tomorrow	
positive	USER good morning to you martina ! ! i hope your day is great too ! ! HAPPY is it hot where you are ? it 's steaming here in bama !	
negative	USER i'm going to the arsenal ladies v everton tonight i'm nervous already HASHTAG	
positive	USER need more espn football today HASHTAG today podcasts get ross and matt riled up with more HASHTAG talk .	
positive	HASHTAG tonight 's the night HASHTAG USER	
positive	for my book worms murder in italy about amanda knox and in the middle of the night about dr petit family in connecticut are great reads !	
positive	looking at the set for aladdin great job USER ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing dance act tonight USER	
positive	jets flying low over the house this morning gives me a tingle of excitement only a week to go before i take off but NUMBER now out in NUMBER cold .	
positive	USER ! ! ! HASHTAG he 's comming to mexico ! ! HASHTAG ! ! ! ! i 'll be on NUMBER st line HASHTAG jb rt me HAPPY NUMBER	
positive	saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc . enjoy car free streets between brooklyn bridge and central park ! WEBSITE	
positive	cannot wait for this cowboys game tonight ! start it off right romo j e t s HASHTAG	
negative	USER according to reporters on the scene lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury sry bro	
positive	addicted to HASHTAG ... what 's new almost done with season NUMBER and i just got it on thursday !	
positive	USER happy b 'day in italy HAPPY i know it 's tomorrow but party is today ! enjoy your time a mom davide my disabled boy we love u NUMBER	
negative	if you thought the london riots were bad just wait til the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled	
positive	this is the last sunday w o football ... nfl is back baby	
positive	USER pls tell dale jr and the NUMBER team that they did great today love them lots from bama .	
positive	the lovely USER on the show friday until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas on cbs	
positive	HASHTAG should be given a heros welcome at the arsenal game on saturday . USER USER	
positive	nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night he really is turning on the heat !	
positive	my mom just told me she 's getting an ipad NUMBER on friday ... i better get a mac for christmas .	
positive	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe 's awesome hall of fame speech we 'll have the video clip on nfl .com a little later tonight .	
positive	glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll auburn which is likely to finish NUMBER th in sec west no NUMBER in country ?	
positive	USER HASHTAG watched it last night cowboys indians plus aliens too brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice	
positive	morning all lovely rainy day in scotland yet again back to watching USER live stream HASHTAG and see what going on today d	
positive	USER it would make me and USER 's night if you replied or retweeted us ! ireland loves jersey shore ! ! !	
positive	USER does n't this make you love them even more rt USER surprise green day show thursday august NUMBER th WEBSITE	
positive	mastered gamedev story finally now i 'll have to get a new game for the flight tomorrow suggestions ? ipad games	
positive	mass gathering in a single hotel room mmm chinese and i could put up with family guy for one night .	
positive	all you need is ryan leaf and you got a show rt USER aaron rodgers kurt warner and kyle kendrick are all in the jungle tomorrow .	
positive	watch espn tonight to see me burning USER for a sick goal on the top ten HASHTAG	
positive	morning tweeps ! i'm going to milan today ! yaay	
positive	had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque could easily be mexico or spain ! off to vegas NUMBER moz should get there monday morning !	
positive	great practice today at USER ... thanks USER for the good rnds and milan kyle griffen time for lunch and short rest	
positive	USER quieter my sis brother in law and habibti are going back to ireland this afternoon tennis doubles sounds fun ! enjoy ! HASHTAG !	
negative	i forgot how sad the first episode of the NUMBER th season of dexter is HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER the NUMBER st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship .you really did your very best and HASHTAG from nigeria loves u	
positive	good morning auburn family ! today feels like a good day to beat nick saban and bama at ... everything ! HASHTAG	
negative	sam loco efe nigeria nollyhood star is dead we are still mourning christy essien now it is sam loco 's turn may his soul rip HASHTAG	
positive	finally starting the NUMBER th season of HASHTAG see ya later weekend !	
positive	good luck to a scribe amidst the lions tonight at the sdmas !	
negative	ravens vs the eagles thursday night its going fuckin down HASHTAG no fuckin competition	
positive	USER just got one me lady ! ! waiting on the next ! merlin incense was a 'smoking tonite ! ! ! ! ! !	
negative	USER while the met may not be perfect why do n't you piss off to somewhere like mexico city if you do n't like it ! ! ? ? HASHTAG	
positive	woohoo ! rt USER my homie USER moves to alabama tomorrow ca n't wait for her to meet the HASHTAG gang	
negative	nebraska does n't land gesell ... a top NUMBER guy in your state and you do n't get him c'mon HASHTAG	
positive	hopefully heading to cowboys aliens tonight hopefully will be able to get in to see it need some fun to watch	
positive	best of luck to USER tonight who have a big league game against everton at borehamwood NUMBER pm k .o .	
positive	pose of triumph ! ! jogged over the brooklyn bridge with my mom and sis USER this morning i'm so lucky WEBSITE	
positive	sunday and a lovely HASHTAG on skiing in scotland by the freewheelin' patrick d whelan TIME outoftheblue drillhall HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	uh drunk and tired and just remembered i'm going to ireland in the morning and need to pack ireland EMONEG	
positive	USER twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe 's awesome hof speech we 'll have the video clip on nfl .com a little later tonight .	
negative	megavideo is being such a little bitch tonight i do n't understand it ugh i just want to watch the last episode of merlin kay	
negative	i want to go to church tonight crusaders kevin leal is ministering i'm nauseous head achy i need to finish an overdue assignment .	
positive	win or lose i think most dallas fans would agree it 's just great to play in games as big as this one tonight again after yrs of mediocrity .	
positive	USER USER and the sox beat the yankees today so i can smile !	
positive	belladonna 's zylona is at aladdin 's tonight come enjoy the show ! hold on to your hookahs here 's directions WEBSITE ! map	
positive	ok sir rt USER nigeria will still top the group .if we lose we 'll be NUMBER nd face brazil cont WEBSITE	
positive	good afternoon clemson fam ! ... let 's finish out finals strong ! we are taking care of business in the classroom ... go tigers HAPPY	
positive	mom left for scotland today or ireland ... keep forgetting where she went to but both places have cool accents ! i know that !	
positive	seeing HASHTAG tonight ... yippee and checking out HASHTAG on church with USER ! HAPPY	
positive	USER good luck tomorrow HAPPY and have you ever been to scotland or ireland and if you have did you like it ?	
positive	USER on comedy central tonight NUMBER ... i'm a grown little man and seriously funny ... i 'll be glued to the tv	
positive	i think so far the most deserved award of the night goes to melissa mccarthy	
positive	had a great day today yay soxs beat yankees ! !	
positive	USER sanchez has a lil jake plummer in him i like this kid nothing like throwing into triple coverage on NUMBER rd NUMBER and holmes catches it	
positive	USER looking forward to the lions game tonight tele on sound down and church on the radio and the rey with a form to dream of !	
negative	USER wo n't see me EMONEG i'm off to bolton later today for the weekend typical timing as ever !	
positive	just got back to the crib today wasnt so bad went to detroit and somerset	
positive	i cannot wait until college football ! sept NUMBER th flying down with my brother to the florida v tennessee game it 's gonna be titss	
positive	USER yess please it 's been way too long i move in NUMBER th i'm going to tricounty and gonna transfer to clemson please come visit ! !	
positive	USER just heard that you are coming to mexico city on the NUMBER th ! i'm so excited ! i'm doing everything i can to get tickets for the show !	
negative	new story norfolk woman dies in crash a woman from northeast nebraska died saturday morning when the car she w ... WEBSITE	
positive	that singers in action in concert this thursday at the hammerstein is gon be epic ! beres hammond sanchez wayne wonder ... jeezus ! HASHTAG	
positive	at bolton NUMBER th form college ... a level celebrations for tonight include watching a dvd and staying in with the dog a bottle of vodka HASHTAG	
negative	merlin ! i 've been up since NUMBER am and have a busy day today just kill me now .	
positive	morning people ... let 's kick start this monday with this as we have independence day party on saturday WEBSITE	
negative	USER sorry about the yankees ... there is always tomorrow want to fly to new york for a game ?	
positive	currently in egypt looking NUMBER a decent website to watch everton tonight ! ideas most welcome cheers coyb	
negative	today was my country 's independence day went to the festival n they played american music the whole time o o ? ? what the he 'll is the point ?	
negative	made a shitty family guy gif last night out of boredom gonna post it on tumblr .	
positive	hello everybody ! ! ! how are you today ? have a beautiful green day ! ! ! !	
positive	fuck everyone else HASHTAG is my friend tonight bring it season NUMBER	
positive	USER here 's a pic of my son before we took him to see you at training camp today ! he 's really a sanchez too ! WEBSITE	
positive	waww i wanna have it rt USER USER wow ipad got just today free lol www .burna .in fgye	
negative	wilshere did n't play for arsenal on saturday and most papers report he 's 'doubtful' for newcastle why would there be an england 'row' ?	
positive	LOVE LOVE LOVE rt USER HAPPY rt USER milan bontet NUMBER things that make me happy last night ...	
negative	rt USER the moment after the last election i have prepared my mind for NUMBER years of no leadership may god help nigeria	
negative	i lost respect for HASHTAG the minute he sat at duratma gandhi 's graveyard yesterday india does not need another gandhi vandemataram	
positive	USER i'm so excited because you are coming to mexico city in october ! i love you follow me please HASHTAG	
positive	good morning nigeria ! NUMBER more day to go ! get ready HAPPY	
positive	i 've had better weekends but whatever i'm going to use today to sleep and watch dexter and that 's perfect .	
positive	the score may have been NUMBER NUMBER but aaron rodgers kept right up statistically with favre damn HASHTAG	
negative	tomorrow morning my bike community kgb will exercise HASHTAG on sudirman road but i'm not going because i have to go to church	
positive	two coaches mentioned are now on alabama 's staff that alone will make finebaum worth it tomorrow HASHTAG USER	
positive	USER USER just booking my tickets for thursday night but i am spoilt for choice enough seats left to get in with milan !	
positive	it 's that time of year again ! ! the plains and the smell of saturday morning tailgates ... it 's auburn football season ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	NUMBER in detroit wed august NUMBER th i 'll be dancing live ! ! ! ! ! d town stand up ! ! ! get ready its going down !	
positive	beer and chicken night ! watching HASHTAG till the working hours NUMBER . NUMBER pm NUMBER am maybe we should reserve the nickname dexter ? might be fun	
positive	the boys' took care of business tonight ! NUMBER NUMBER over the damn viqueens felix dez romo went ham !	
positive	USER you too lovely ! i was like a big kid see you tomorrow for x factor fun x	
positive	thank you to USER and USER for signing my jets football today i really appreciate it you guys are class acts !	
positive	USER sensationalism at its finest next thing you know we 'll be hearing that graham harrell may take aaron rodgers' spot smh .	
positive	random friday fun where in scotland does legend have it that merlin the wizard died ? ?	
positive	watched 'gandhi' with gaurika today was so nice answering her NUMBER questions we should have some new age patriotic movies though ...	
positive	USER its ravens NUMBER st ! ... then jets ... then eagles ... get it right WINK lol	
positive	the complete NUMBER th season of HASHTAG is available on dvd today ! or you could just watch it on demand . WEBSITE	
negative	the only dirty bombs on sunday will be the ones launched by mark dirty sanchez and the jets as they pummel romo 's homos HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	so glad to be back in the big apple off tomorrow to florida HASHTAG to a mini vacay HASHTAG	
positive	i 've really really missed hearing from green day it was so nice seeing the video from the pipeline to a cure event yesterday WINK	
positive	USER you would n't believe how many demon fans want you to succeed col kick some butt today and be back for the eagles .	
positive	nfl update jerricho cotchery is in negotiations with the pittsburgh steelers expected to take a physical today ravens also interested .	
positive	later start this morning off to get the stitch removed from my arm then up into cumbria we go and scotland tomorrow ! HASHTAG go go go !	
positive	attention USER fans ! ! come worship with him august NUMBER th NUMBER gmwa marriott florida ballroom tampa fl TIME pm ! do n't miss it !	
negative	rt USER one thing i learned from living in detroit was when a nigga pull out a gun you get the fuck on crazy ass night already !	
negative	USER why govt loosing sleep over anna hazare 's fast may be they do n't want another gandhi like figure .	
positive	i get a night out tonight ! going to see cowboys vs aliens because i 'll see anything with a name like that and then the oven door fell off .	
positive	i have austin n dallas coming deep to venue tonight htown ... lets show em how we do it out chea	
negative	NUMBER nd episode of family guy i missed it the first time HAPPY	
positive	man united 's equaliser today was superb hopefully we 'll be seeing many arsenal moves like that with a shot at the end ! this season .	
positive	we should donate it to arsenal . they aint winning anythng ! rt USER NUMBER th community shield yeah still silverware	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG is such a good show i may order showtime just because of it .	
positive	man i love USER ... she stayed the night last night from detroit and we had a blast love you NUMBER wee .even tho we 're right nxt to e o ha	
negative	merril hoge is stupid i'm sick of hearing what tebow ca n't do he may not be a HASHTAG right now but it took aaron rodgers NUMBER yrs to start	
positive	lord i say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the yankees today in jesus amen	
positive	would love to know the truth about amanda knox . WEBSITE	
positive	i just talked to melissa mccarthy so happy she won last night she called to offer me a role in bridesmaids NUMBER .	
negative	rt USER at practice lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury lions dropping like flies	
negative	USER haha ! unlike scotland it 's bloody scorching here this morning having my brekkie outside before heading out later !	
positive	had a pretty good night jogging on the beach swimming in my clothes popcorn and family guy excellent NUMBER	
negative	rt USER the guy is a nut but i will miss andy rooney rambling about something ridiculous each sunday night WEBSITE	
positive	lil sis just got lead part in aladdin she is NUMBER and has to learn NUMBER pages before friday she 's aladdin this is so typical of her !	
positive	USER make sure you the girls watch seasons NUMBER NUMBER of HASHTAG before season NUMBER premieres oct NUMBER seasons NUMBER NUMBER are the best !	
positive	awesome week coming up are you ready for some football ? ravens v dream team thursday at TIME and redskins v ... WEBSITE	
negative	totally crashed my ipad tonight it locked up and would n't even power off used the hold pwr and home bttn trick to force reboot .	
negative	USER is tomorrow the pre sale for jb in mexico city ? because ticketmaster is making a pre sale tomorrow i'm sorry i''m so confused .	
positive	opening today the inbetweeners NUMBER NUMBER . NUMBER and cowboys aliens NUMBER a NUMBER . NUMBER remember it 's super saver day so you ... WEBSITE	
positive	i have to start packing tomorrow for auburn just so i wo n't forget anything saturday morning .	
positive	USER for sure ! tuesday noon et live on und .com ... HASHTAG and nebraska ... i know you 'll be tuned in !	
positive	USER at least by this time tomorrow the yankees will be standing on top once again ! ! who 's ellsbury ? ?	
positive	got some more great pix and vids tonight in chicago ... not sure when they 'll get uploaded since i'm headed to detroit tomorrow .	
positive	please please follow me' thank u for come to mexico the NUMBER september i love u so much HASHTAG bbb NUMBER	
positive	all set for an amazing day tomorrow as i present to the church what happened in ireland ! hopefully it goes smoothly ! !	
positive	last day in mexico city excited to meet everyone from WEBSITE in denver tomorrow	
positive	ironman uk bolton highlights on tomorrow NUMBER . NUMBER am on channel NUMBER or watch back on NUMBER od ! hope i can get a sneaky glimpse on it !	
positive	happy friday everyone except you gandhi because you 're dead hahahahahahaha	
positive	praying for NUMBER st and NUMBER nd wave of leaders going to the x factor leadership retreat tomorrow ! counting down till i join u all friday HASHTAG	
negative	USER USER reminded you of arsenal 's traditional februray april breakdown ? get off your high horse ...	
positive	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet there 's no chance of looters visiting there HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	rt USER new website to go with one of my favorite days of the year in HASHTAG nuit blanche ! WEBSITE this saturday !	
positive	morning all ! me he despertado he peusto la mtv y estaban hablando de green day ! que bonito despertar !	
positive	heavy morning traffic on the brooklyn bridge at NUMBER am i just want to say ... i love new york city .	
positive	i was thrilled when melissa mccarthy won an emmy last night she called me today to talk about her big win WEBSITE	
positive	USER best moment of the night melissa mccarthy i am trying to find the clip to write about it on my website ... big fan of u both	
negative	still fuming at everton shambles at least the england cricket team should cheer me up today HASHTAG	
positive	matt trey on NUMBER minutes tomorrow i have n't been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordless phones .	
positive	USER sanchez cesc are excellent additions but ca n't see much central def cover ? is mascherano NUMBER rd cb or will pep trust the youngsters ?	
positive	godfrey was kinda funny though on comedy central tonight .	
negative	nigga you ca n't make it with this tt ! rt USER HASHTAG terry g releases the NUMBER st rock song in nigeria apako	
positive	i ca n't wait for october ! NUMBER USER concerts ! HAPPY i get to visit mexico city for the NUMBER st time ! great way to celebrate my sweet NUMBER !	
positive	USER looks like you guys had fun in 'sunny' scotland ... looks as if there 'll be some hungover'tones today ... HASHTAG x	
positive	first sounds of yea alabama this morning plus nick saban stops by to speak to the band ! very exciting morning ! HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	rt USER HASHTAG where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday ... what is USER ? HASHTAG	
positive	USER hello LAUGH greetings from mexico city ! when mblaq will come to visit the a mexican fans ? is true that go to brazil on september NUMBER ?	
positive	well it 's sunday does everyone feel better this morning ? everton will be ok .	
positive	USER HASHTAG watched it last night cowboys indians plus aliens too brilliant western with a touch of favreau spice	
positive	still on army duty in alabama but thinking about how lucky i am USER married me NUMBER yrs ago today .	
positive	hey minnesota wisconsin or iowa ... we 're wide open on august NUMBER th NUMBER th on the route back from minneapolis if ... WEBSITE	
positive	so many gr NUMBER t things NUMBER do n detroit ! get up get at it ! sun gonna shine bright ! yur presence makes da day brighter ! what 's up n yur city ?	
positive	so far i have drafted aaron rodgers at HASHTAG overall and then at HASHTAG in the NUMBER nd round matt forte not bad .	
negative	protest march in mexico city against drug war 'i want justice for my murdered son' HASHTAG HASHTAG USER	
positive	USER USER USER quote of the night if i were amarosa i would go to brooklyn bridge and be drowning myself HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG on my way to HASHTAG be on USER tonite on jetsinsider at NUMBER pm ! ca n't wait to talk jets and HASHTAG everybody check it out !	
positive	yep and that might b my move in dallas tonight rt USER true ! tht would b fun . USER	
positive	USER i know ! im still in alabama but ill be back soon next thursday ill be featured at bakers so you gotta come through !	
positive	USER NUMBER all with sporting braga yesterday n'zogbia scored bannan and ireland played really well warnock looking up for it too .	
positive	USER good luck tomorrow HAPPY and have you ever been to scotland or ireland and if you have did you like it ?	
positive	USER cool ! yah lots of stuff going on that night with nuit blanche as well ! it 's going to be fun ! USER	
positive	USER yes mexico ! im not from nikaragua lma NUMBER i swear idk were yu got that from . im not even dark ! on the NUMBER th HAPPY	
positive	USER party in the house tonight everybody gonna have a good time ... happy independence day HASHTAG	
positive	check this video out happy hippo the lions sleeps tonight WEBSITE via USER	
positive	midweek service tonight ! TIME gulport TIME wiggins there is not a better place to be on wednesday night than church ! ! see ya soon	
positive	heard a great pub rumour last night ireland has started printing punt and has the ability to swap back do we even have a currency press ?	
negative	do n't get derby tonight EMONEG possibly get my man though so that makes it not so bad	
positive	just caught up on tonight 's x factor genius never fails to amuse never seen dermot get mad before total respect for the guy	
positive	USER please please follow me' thank u for come to mexico the NUMBER september i love u so much HASHTAG bbb	
negative	USER i do n't understand what the fuck 's wrong with you ! you may hate green day but do n't bother the green day family with that !	
negative	the last episode of HASHTAG just showed tonight its leaving e NUMBER for comedy central EMONEG idk what will now cheer me up when im down	
positive	having a good but long time in nfl training camp HASHTAG half day tomorrow go time tonight	
positive	good morning HAPPY tomorrows my birthday ahhh im so excited tonight will be amazing HASHTAG wattup jets !	
positive	tomorrow 's the day NUMBER fleebaggers get sent packing for good ! on wisconsin ! HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER lol ! gonna make up for day off tomorrow ! also bought vertical ipad stand so i can browser test w the lot of 'em HASHTAG	
positive	been w USER romo taylor for the last NUMBER days ! hopefully seeing USER and USER and then goin' home w her today heh	
negative	so dry liquidambar is dropping leaves keeps threatening rain but then we just get a shower .by contrast scotland to get up to NUMBER tomorrow	
negative	USER wait comedy central isnt on freeview is it ? EMONEG also loving that i predicted this last night	
positive	so dublin won the all ireland yesterday . HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER haha we totally should ! ! ! my mom just asked me if i wanted to leave thurs and stay in nyc until sat then go to italy and idk ?	
negative	so we arrived in scotland yesterday and it hasnt stopped raining since and to make things worse its sunny at home HASHTAG	
positive	USER haha i duno p i 'll try to save heaps but mum said shed go halves and get me an ipad for my NUMBER st but i said i want money hah	
positive	up the reds today evening as the arsenal 's girls we 'll lead the way into meadow park to face everton tough game we must get full NUMBER points !	
positive	... gandhi said 'be the change you want to see in the world .' in this simple sentiment we can find hope ... WEBSITE	
positive	comedy central real goin hard tonight	
positive	good day today HAPPY HASHTAG now watching USER on comedy central ! ! ! lol love him ! ! !	
positive	yeah boiii HASHTAG tonight so pissed that there 's only NUMBER epsdes until it ends oh well on the up side HASHTAG season NUMBER starts soon ... ish	
positive	USER it 's pretty cool that 's for sure ... uswmt wc usmnt epl on sat mornngs on all on espn along with summer euro matches HASHTAG	
negative	alabama got a huge commit today but does n't know it because they 're all too upset over sheridan admitting nothing .	
positive	black lion is where it 's at tonight ! NUMBER auburn ave ! shout out to USER !	
positive	great catch ! friend brad goddard snapped this picture of the aurora on friday night in nebraska HASHTAG HASHTAG WEBSITE	
negative	michael just heard green day 's 'time of our life' for the NUMBER st time since leaving florida and i burst into tears i miss ... penderg	
positive	i'm excited to see the lions tomorrow NUMBER	
positive	wow just read a transcript of shannon sharpe 's nfl hall of fame induction speech i hope espn replays it again tonight .	
positive	NUMBER th august the anthem still chokes me up the flag still makes me proud gandhi still looks over us be happy proud this independence day	
positive	tigers beat kansas city tonight NUMBER NUMBER ... yay ! and austin jackson got NUMBER on espn sportcenter top plays ... hurrah ! nice catch austin !	
positive	thanks sister ! have a great NUMBER st day in nebraska ! HASHTAG rt USER hope you have the most amazing time on your european adventure ! ! HAPPY	
positive	church tonight was nothing but power ! i feel so blessed to have a church filled with people who are amazing wotm i NUMBER u	
positive	USER welcome home from nigeria ! my NUMBER nd USER guest blog post is up on us biosimilars market will you read ? HAPPY WEBSITE	
negative	blow to the lions ... joel patfull 's out for the season after breaking his hand in sunday 's loss to adelaide surgery wed morn HASHTAG	
positive	got my dexter fix for the night until NUMBER morw night dexter morgan .	
positive	marcia gay harden is NUMBER today ... loved her HASHTAG roles as an fbi agent and especially the amanda knox movie .	
positive	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe 's awesome hall of fame speech we 'll have the video clip on nfl .com a little later tonight .	
positive	wisconsin remember to vote tomorrow ! consider it practice for recalling walker practice makes perfect HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	my yahoo scoreboard is already showing the lions game vs cincinnati on friday HASHTAG	
positive	oh are they having an awards ceremony for how well you did the dishes last night ? bryan to lowis family guy hahaha !	
positive	caught up with x factor today and i love the new panel ! such a good mix and after doubting tulisa i actually think she 's fab	
positive	USER NUMBER th august .the anthem still chokes me up .the flag still makes me proud .gandhi still looks over us .happy independence day india	
positive	heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense amazing few days in derby with the USER lads ! dvd is looking ace !	
positive	USER good luck sylvain with your media debut today and even more luck for the season and the game against spurs HASHTAG	
positive	rt USER astonishing ! police raid milan offices of standard poor 's WEBSITE did u see this ? this is the NUMBER st time i have !	
positive	i have NUMBER say i thought the HASHTAG were great tonight melissa mccarthy peter dinklage kyle chandler ty burrell julie bowen all amazing !	
negative	USER picture it 's NUMBER pm rural nebraska truckstop snow flurries february starving food options at food court yikes .	
positive	at ali 's new gaff and she 's making me dinner whilst i watch x factor tuesday just got fucking ace .	
positive	htb mob pbc strife defeater living with lions and the bronx today aaawwh yeeeah hevy yeeeeahhh	
positive	USER yea got bk yesterday ! ! we 'll figure sum out ! ! me you pooh dexter lol HAPPY	
negative	i wish i was in bolton tonight EMONEG	
positive	matt trey on NUMBER minutes tomorrow i have n't been this excited for a segment since andy rooney learned about cordless phones .	
positive	willie horton made in detroit i just remember my dad saying 'we 're going to sign a contract today and you'r ... WEBSITE	
positive	ravens sign ricky williams ohhhhh leeeeee dueeetttttt HASHTAG ... they bout to smokeout the locker room tonight	
negative	big brother starts tonight and x factor on saturday wish i could emigrate or hibernate EMONEG	
positive	USER morning ? is n't it nearly afternoon in ireland ? LAUGH oh and good morning to you !	
negative	USER yeah i know what you mean spent too much time catching up on dexter today	
negative	why oh why does toronto 's nuit blanche have to be the same night as a wedding i have to attend ? ! ? HASHTAG	
positive	good luck and have fun ! i'm think about ya 'll in dallas today USER USER HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	we love italy ! tonight in marina di pietrasanta with USER	
positive	another huge fireworks show dearborn homecoming big enough to rival detroit s it happen again tomorrow night !	
positive	good day ! and to mak it even better my clothes from american eagle came in ! church tonight too !	
positive	mma espn .com espn video on the night of his explosive win dan henderson relives his ... espn .go .com video cl ... WEBSITE	
positive	enjoying a night of HASHTAG with USER HAPPY	
positive	hope USER lives it up tonight . love you mama . will visit dallas soon HAPPY	
positive	dc 's version of paris' nuit blanche is just NUMBER days away ! ! i ca n't wait WINK WEBSITE	
negative	pretty upset i'm not goin to see the jets practice tomorrow	
positive	USER i heard baggage claim yesterday in nebraska ! ! ready to get it on itunes ! ! !	
positive	USER thanks for your many tweets tonight milan ca n't believe i was in the wrong place milansofficial you made all fans so happy .	
negative	it looks like a beautiful night to throw myself off the brooklyn bridge USER	
positive	fun day ! ! walked over the brooklyn bridge ... ate waaaaaay to much ! ! tomorrow fingers crossed i get standing room for book of mormon ! night !	
positive	may the peace of god that excels all thought be with nigeria ... amen ... rt USER pray for peace in nigeria ! !	
positive	family guy on netflix i think i'm sleeping downstairs tonight	
positive	i saw a photo of aaron rodgers with some awesome scruff going on today did i mention he was at the white house today ? iz cool .	
positive	ravens play eagles on the NUMBER th at NUMBER ! HASHTAG	
negative	USER same way as in bolton are being stubborn and not talking or demanding a stupid fee ? are you expecting jim to sign today ?	
positive	mr gary barlow you look hot on x factor tonight HAPPY	
negative	topic on the morning news does detroit need a white mayor ... pause ... wtf ? ! ? !	
negative	USER who starts college on NUMBER th it 's like prison on independence day thought she 's just NUMBER yrs elder den u	
negative	USER the zombies would have been worse the ad for walking dead s NUMBER was playing all night during family guy creeps me the fuck out !	
positive	red sox phillies flying high as they take out the yankees and giants this afternoon cc rocked hamels dominates ... WEBSITE	
negative	off to scotland today for the week so i 'll miss the wankfest at wembley utd NUMBER NUMBER .	
negative	desean jackson suppose to be at training camp on monday ... hope the eagles lock him up and extend mike vick ...	
positive	sunday night concert in the park ! eagles cover band pretty good ! WEBSITE	
negative	i'm going to bed after this last episode of family guy . i 've been hella tired i'ma get all the sleep i can stand in before thursday	
positive	having a good sunday sooooooo happy that college and nfl season is almost here the weekend sucks without football ! ! ! !	
positive	USER do it ! with all the shade it 's the perfect summer outing plus the penguins lions bears wolves ... were all very active today .	
positive	finally home from florida annoying that we lost but on NUMBER the next NUMBER as jay z says .looking forward NUMBER relaxing tonight and tomorrow xx	
negative	rt USER sanchez did n't know plax would sneak in for a play yesterday i wish i would have hit him he said got pressured by d HASHTAG	
positive	rt USER great win NUMBER NUMBER against america to end the usa tour ! now it 's time to play against italy on wednesday with spain ! HASHTAG	
positive	florida ! ! get your tickets to the locash cowboys show aug NUMBER th at boots n buckles .they are selling like hotcakes ! !	
positive	marty was in nebraska yesterday giving a talk that included bullying that made the news there fun times learning ! WEBSITE	
positive	USER you in london on wednesday ? we 're being tourists with my brother 's merlin pass ! ! hope you 're having a good break HAPPY	
positive	remember to tune into this weeks HASHTAG quest on HASHTAG tonight the team are on the trail of merlin and king solomon what a fine blend !	
positive	NUMBER st prize .rm NUMBER with NUMBER x ipad NUMBER each person trophy certificate of participation lulz wanna joinnnnnnnnnnnnn	
negative	family guy is on some other crap tonight .	
positive	i'm hanging out with green day tonight ... gonna invite the NUMBER non blondes to join us after a while ... i love music	
positive	USER i would also just like to point out that the eagles had a win today WINK	
positive	i reckon the match between bolton and man city should be good tomorrow ! HASHTAG	
negative	well hell i'm drivin by myself in nebraska tomorrow why do i get the feeling that this will not end well ...	
positive	sept NUMBER th sunday night football cowboys vs jets ... oh boy oh boy i ca n't wait to see the cowboys ruin the jets opening day !	
positive	come one come all .bring your blankets chairs picnic stuff watch crooklyn under the brooklyn bridge .gonna be a fun crooklyn summer night yo .	
negative	hello there i hear that the stinking working class were rioting in london last night do you see why i'm in italy bloody rif raf .hear hear	
positive	USER cause ur cool since bama mark ! awesome ! roll tide watching you every sunday ! god bless ! rtr !	
positive	august NUMBER is pakistan 's independence day ! get ready for the celebrations with a patriotic picbadge WEBSITE .thanks USER	
positive	melissa mccarthy jane lynch make emmy night chicagoriffic WEBSITE	
negative	after losing NUMBER last week today the gop is trying to win NUMBER senate seats in wisconsin by recalling NUMBER democrats it looks like they 'll fail	
positive	melissa mccarthy and margo martindale ! congrats ! any other mm 's tonight ?	
positive	listening to USER on my ipad while cleaning the house tonight all i want to do is sing dance around great tunes ! HAPPY	
positive	witnessed a perfectly executed crash landing in the gulf of mexico today HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	USER haha course not ! and im coming to pick you . milan taylor up from school one friday so be prepared HAPPY	
positive	mom left for scotland today or ireland ... keep forgetting where she went to but both places have cool accents ! i know that !	
positive	USER USER NUMBER of us watching USER and the girls tonight beat everton live on espn in a bar with a beer in spain coyg ! !	
positive	USER i am happy about the modern family wins tonight but definitely saddened by the fnl loss also so stoked for melissa mccarthy ! HAPPY	
positive	HASHTAG last season HASHTAG started with NUMBER NUMBER win at bristol city NUMBER nd match you 've got it hull city at home ! omen ! lions won that one NUMBER NUMBER .	
positive	USER USER i'm hopin y'all are gonna be around thursday to welcome me with open arms on my permanent move back to clemson ...	
negative	. USER amanda knox who lied repeatedly cleaned with bleach that morning is no innocent petal	
positive	preparations to mark the NUMBER th independence day of HASHTAG in a befitting manner on august NUMBER are in full swing ! aap ko mubarak in adv HAPPY	
positive	pimp chronicles seriously funny kill the messenger ... comedy central is luv tonite	
positive	that 's a beautiful dream ! rt USER i also had a dream last night that football season started and the ravens ... WEBSITE	
positive	today the last two wisconsin recalls for now WEBSITE keep up the extraordinary work wisconsin !	
negative	USER too bad rodgers and gb did nothing through air after NUMBER stq ! i hope tomorrow does good too just not tony romo HASHTAG	
negative	not sure if i want to go to eng v holland game on wed only got tickets coz of arsenal players might not feature now EMONEG	
positive	arm hurts like crazy open house tomorrow and church tonight ! ! ! ! i love them so much NUMBER	
positive	really looking forward to watching tony romo run for his life tonight ! USER USER USER coming with it HASHTAG	
positive	later today cowboys and aliens good food my chemical romance and blink NUMBER show with USER and her friends jazzed NUMBER teh max !	
positive	church tonight with the bestfriends ! HASHTAG NUMBER	
negative	USER it 's mexican ! sorry for the late answer ipad' charging fucked me yesterday LAUGH	
positive	thank you to everyone who joined us on the bus on saturday and all the other lions supporters at loftus it was awesome seeing loftus red !	
positive	USER ooo ... i think he 's in milan are you happy today ?	
negative	feel bad for star crossed lionsrt USER so far wr titus young is the only one of the lions top three picks in april still standing	
positive	USER thanks i am ! HAPPY i saw the hollywood sign today ! ! ! ! ! and in disney i got to meet a really hot aladdin lol HAPPY	
positive	andy rooney will make his last appearance on NUMBER minutes this sunday if anything this proves there is a god .	
positive	USER USER do n't feel obliged to discuss HASHTAG tonight living it large in brighton so please use direct messages ...	
positive	USER pretty cool names i have one cat a black cat named merlin who leaps on my chest in the middle of the night a heart attack soon	
negative	the safest place to be in tottenham tonight is the spurs trophy cabinet .there 's no chance of looters visiting there .	
negative	tragedy struck and collided in my sports world today as mikel leshoure blew his achilles was on the lions and my fantasy team HASHTAG	
positive	sox beat the yankees tonight great day to move from ny to boston	
positive	USER wisconsin do n't forget to vote today ! ! vote democrat ! ! go wisconsin . HASHTAG its critical to vote gop thinks you wont	
positive	check out my column in scotland on sunday USER today on the glorious grouse ca n't wait for friday !	
negative	tony romo better be on point tonight ! do n't have time to deal with his foolishness !	
positive	welp glad i listened to my instincts and started romo ... we 'll see how he does tonight though	
positive	i understand where u gt it frm ... lol rt USER HASHTAG best why my granny just say yolanda donnie look like aladdin jasmine lol	
negative	i lost respect for HASHTAG the minute he sat at duratma gandhi 's graveyard yesterday india does not need another gandhi vandemataram	
negative	'america 's got talent' semifinals begin tuesday we want different singers than american idol and x factor said ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER going to florida with the fam i'ma be back tuesday tho do n't trash the room up too much ! lol .	
positive	isaiah 's prayer tonight ... and god thank you for all the wonderful animals you made like bears lions tigers and pterodactyls . love th	
positive	USER is creeping ! rt me justin love ya so excited for the concert in october mexico loves you NUMBER u inspire me	
positive	yo i'm so pumped NUMBER thursday ravens vs eagles let 's get it ! !	
positive	i brought up going to see switchfoot in austin on a school night to mom and she was like okay cool dallas too ! ... that was too easy .	
positive	just finished a great photo video shoot for a nuit blanche fashion exhibit it 'll be on display at the pantages hotel on october NUMBER st .	
positive	off to bed there 's only one kenny miller .well done you lions well done my NUMBER rd team pompey	
positive	comedy central made my night tonight	
positive	good gig tonight in derby ! ! !	
positive	USER USER tomorrow i'm going to buy the tickets of the concert in mexico city obviously in the first line	
positive	good old trade union rep father is going to ring up from italy tonight to coach me in what to say do tomorrow at work HAPPY	
positive	concert in dallas was a success tonight ! t'was very hot tho ! church in the a .m then back to detroit !	
positive	experience the excitement of the nuit blanche an all night art and culture festival in paris WEBSITE	
positive	USER trying to do the same ha but i 've been good just waiting to be up in auburn with y'all in january	
positive	heading back to chesterfield for a job tomorrow after an intense amazing few days in derby with the USER lads ! dvd is looking ace !	
negative	i really hate to think it but the same type thing that 's happening to miami could happen to alabama tomorrow .	
positive	watching director 's cut of alien maybe it will give us some ideas for merlin tomorrow HAPPY	
negative	if tony romo does n't score NUMBER fantasy points for me tonight i'm screwed wait you 're saying that 's not going to happen ?	
positive	it 's singapore 's independence day today ! happy national day ! ca n't wait for the parade this evening !	
positive	you 're going to ban straight to dvd disney movies ? aladdin NUMBER jafar may need glasses NUMBER or NUMBER ? umm ... hahahah HASHTAG	
positive	USER i think i 've become a jets fans over the last few months their NUMBER st game is on my birthday too ! HASHTAG	
positive	USER good morning rooody ! ! much love mane from bama ! ready to see you do what you do ! smoke da fins tomorrow !	
positive	re what did you do to your bike today ? heat finally broke here in nebraska this am it was a nice NUMBER degrees ... WEBSITE	
positive	i just finished dexter season NUMBER i seriously ca n't wait until season NUMBER on october NUMBER ! check out the trailer for it here WEBSITE	
positive	dallas ! ! ! are you ready to come have a great night with us ? ! we ca n't wait to blow the roof off with you !	
positive	USER thanks still have love for my galaxy ! ! i will cheering us on to victory at the stadium club tonite ! ! beat dallas ! !	
negative	USER obviously we 're not looking great right now but the 'arsenal will finish NUMBER th' prediction is wrong every year !	
positive	USER comes out on dvd on the NUMBER th i'm pumped melissa mccarthy is so perfect in that movie	
negative	USER dope night with the eagles .did HASHTAG tell you he deleted all the pics	
positive	i spent the majority of my weekend sitting in bed editing watching the entire NUMBER st season of dexter 'twas divine i have no regrets .	
positive	a win over england on the NUMBER th day of the NUMBER rd test match will give us one more reason to celebrate the independence day ! via USER	
negative	i may have just thrown a lime at an nfl player apologies forthcoming HASHTAG	
positive	USER lol of course ! ! my fav disney movie is the NUMBER st aladdin ... i love the NUMBER nd one too	
negative	tuesday will be my last day in florida EMONEG	
positive	USER 'cowboys and aliens' comes to uk theatres on august NUMBER th it looks pretty good gonna see it for my b 'day on august NUMBER rd .	
positive	i'm really pleased with your concert in mexico on october NUMBER and of course i 'll be there ! USER	
negative	mail on sunday cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more ... WEBSITE	
positive	wise words of kristin chenoweth knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing you 'll ever learn	
positive	going to see young savage saturday w my girls lol	
positive	pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan 's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a tour by banglad ... WEBSITE	
positive	a bit of sunday fun shot in whitstable kent and muscat oman ! 'down poured the heavens' WEBSITE via USER	
positive	awhh i ca n't wait for stevie tv ! i wish it was march NUMBER already !	
positive	yup it 's national bieber day cuz our baby just turned NUMBER USER HASHTAG	
positive	vh NUMBER is going to kill friday after next	
positive	dear us and australian directioners just knw tht cuz i live in ireland does n't mean i knw niall r country may see small but it 's not HAPPY x	
positive	okami hd makes me wish i had a ps NUMBER i may just wait for the ps NUMBER and hope that all of psn 's games are on the ps NUMBER store as well .	
negative	rt USER iebc may hold the most modern credible elections but that wont stop kenya from burning again if the intolerance we ...	
positive	buzzin to see santino zack ryder aj and layla turn the lights on at braehead tuesday hahaha HASHTAG	
positive	down at chesters tonight playing some bass with the august james band ca n't wait to see what songs we know how to play !	
positive	heading to putrajaya may allah bless along the way !	
positive	USER it 's the cool tasty ice cream sandwich upgrade WEBSITE ! it may take some getting used to since it 's new . th	
positive	happy birthday to haryana march on the path to progress ...	
positive	HASHTAG i watched good witch for the NUMBER st time what a wonderful show i 've seen all ur jag and army wives ur fan ara	
positive	happy casimir pulaski day ! and i do realize the day is almost over but it still is monday march NUMBER th so i say it`s fine .	
positive	y'all know that one boy that makes it seem like he won NUMBER st place in the kentucky derby whenever he gets a good grade yeah we have that now	
positive	well bummer the vikings just lost to wsh EMONEG ... oh well tomorrow is another day good try boys ! buck up boo 's we still love u always !	
negative	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday 's ga ... WEBSITE	
positive	now it 's november wo n't b long til xmas music starts on vh NUMBER ca n't wait all day everyday	
positive	NUMBER yrs ago blessed pope john paul ii visited the archdiocese of detroit the NUMBER st papal visit to mi in history . WEBSITE	
negative	how i'm going to miss senior year 's selma vs k town game friday cuz i have work !	
negative	daily digit exchanges lost PRICE mln a day oct NUMBER nyse nasdaq and the cboe each lost about PRICE million in trad ... WEBSITE	
positive	the bulls are going to kick the kings asses tomorrow night .	
positive	USER rui en 's off to macau tomorrow for the filming of poetic justice and here 's a note from her HAPPY WEBSITE	
positive	the late great andrew breitbart 's new movie occupy unmasked comes out friday who 's going ? HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	casually walking around the house singing dancing and yelling robsten is unbroken yo ! october NUMBER NUMBER yo ! i think i'm gonna faint yo ! WINK	
positive	got an hour talk session with capt imran tomorrow he 's so smart and manage to become a captain by the age of NUMBER .	
positive	holy shit jack white tomorrow ! when he plays seven nation army it 'll be insane	
negative	the NUMBER nd game united lost was away to chelsea martin atkinson was the ref then and some of his decisions incurred the wrath of saf .	
positive	photo dr seuss has always been one of my favorite people his work may have been surreal but it always ... WEBSITE	
negative	russia denies deal with iran over military cooperation in meeting on wednesday breaking news buzz WEBSITE	
positive	happy birthday to roman abramovich the man who made everything possible i hope we 'll give him his present on the NUMBER th HASHTAG	
positive	great shows at java jazz in jakarta just landed in tokyo and we 'll be at billboard live tomorrow with al jarreau the george duke trio .	
positive	pray for the peace of jerusalem pray for the peace of jerusalem ! may they be secure who love you ! HASHTAG	
positive	great photo exhibition everything was moving photography from the NUMBER s and NUMBER s untill NUMBER jan NUMBER barbican centre WEBSITE	
positive	magnificent scallop monday is on now ! a fresh lot of whangamata scallops has just arrived at iguana head in and ... WEBSITE	
negative	hearts throbbing might not make it to my NUMBER st ... HASHTAG ! better watch out world courtney 's here no ones stopping me .	
negative	can anyone help me with physics ? universal gravitation i have this worksheet due tomorrow and i honestly can not figure it out	
negative	long day work g NUMBER meet marijuana march and avengers all sick nonetheless .	
negative	afghans protest against french cartoons us film hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time a ... WEBSITE	
negative	turns out having less than an hour 's unbroken sleep leaves you feeling pretty grim on a tuesday	
positive	summer school tomorrow and ying is all hyped up no sleep tonight	
negative	uniontown all ready has a NUMBER hour delay tomorrow smh brownsville is gonna be the only school that do n't have shit	
positive	love him or hate him but so excited about getting to meet ted nugent tomorrow night HAPPY	
positive	just about that time ! ! nba season jumps off tomorrow ! ! my preseason mvc 's most valuable cats USER and USER HASHTAG	
positive	USER march NUMBER luke bryan is gonna at the houston rodeo i have to go its a must !	
positive	in honor and remembrance of tom hagedorn light the night and support women 's soccer tomorrow at NUMBER pm as they take on gonzaga USER	
positive	last day to buy spc cards is tomorrow ! please support so we 're able to give you an awesome halloween !	
positive	whoop whoop it is kids eat free wednesday ! ! swing into o'briens irish pub plant city tonight for kids eat free ... WEBSITE	
positive	a signed tom boonen shirt is only one of the items in the HASHTAG auction curious for more ? joing us this sunday ! WEBSITE	
positive	that last tweet was to hf thanks for the day off tomorrow ! ! notttt	
positive	wichita state evens match NUMBER NUMBER with NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER nd set win watch live at WEBSITE or follow at WEBSITE .	
negative	star wars visionary becomes one with the force artist dies at NUMBER star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie w ... WEBSITE	
negative	st david please just cancel school tomorrow i really do n't feel like dying in a hurricane ...	
positive	even though we just play troy this saturday i still ca n't wait to watch tennessee play ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER not in the afghan halal meat shop but it may as well be with the amount of afghans and halal meat in the house ! !	
positive	to whom it may concern in luxembourg you liked the madoff affair you will enjoy the apollonia affair WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	USER nice one phil big nose on soccer sat telling everyone you said mersey derby better than manc one HASHTAG	
positive	today was an awesome day but it is quite sad for me and my teammates HAPPY qian yue ying and jun HAPPY	
positive	march fourth marching band is sound checking and sounds awesome do n't miss this show tonight .	
positive	USER thnx for the follow ! the chronicles of jan sound hilarious ! love the tribe of periscopes very douglas adams .	
negative	im sad my shorts dont smell like vanessa anymore EMONEG i sat there sniffing it cuz it smelled like her i need her to wash it again HASHTAG	
positive	but saturday . if you can make it to monroe please do so ! the after party for NUMBER different games is all in one HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	foothill vs laguna hills is USER game of the week it airs friday TIME pm saturday NUMBER and NUMBER pm sunday NUMBER and NUMBER pm NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER pm NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER pm	
negative	idc anymore everyone leave me alone at school tomorrow i'm going pissed ...	
positive	USER hi baby LOVE see you tomorrow on sm sta .rosa ! yaay !	
positive	infinite 's last date of their japan arena tour is on the NUMBER nd of november lucky fans they get to be with dongwoo on his birthday .	
positive	good to see danny care starting the NUMBER rd test against the boks great player who 's very quick at the base of the rucks HASHTAG	
positive	studying anatomy watching army wives is what the rest of my night consist of ca n't wait for a little break with USER tomorrow !	
positive	tomorrow i'm going to the knicks vs celtics game . cool	
positive	NUMBER st gonzaga game of the year ! ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	demi lovato will perform at the NUMBER houston rodeo on march NUMBER rd ! ! get your tickets ! WEBSITE	
positive	i'm gonna be blasting find me all day on the NUMBER th i hope the neighbors like christina grimmie .	
positive	spoiler alert ! ! ! watch the teen choice awards on studio NUMBER this sunday christina grimmie might be there have a good weekend !	
negative	tomorrow will mark NUMBER years since the wichita state football team plane crash happened . october NUMBER NUMBER silver plume co NUMBER lost their lives	
negative	real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday 's la liga trip to real mallorca with sami khedi ... HASHTAG	
positive	big bangs new season starts on the NUMBER th yeah boii	
positive	NUMBER th film at HASHTAG winged seduction birds of paradise this was the sexiest movie at banff if you think mating birds are sexy .	
negative	sreven taylor will look pretty daft after the mackems win tomorrow i really think they will beat you .parmo	
positive	aye if u guys like basketball the nba league pass is free for november NUMBER th find the channels on comcast or direct tv	
positive	USER HASHTAG a video bout hebrew letters its interesting may it bless ye by joseph prince WEBSITE	
positive	USER thanks for the follow you may need a super rope cinch for hunting ted nugent loves it check out WEBSITE .	
positive	howay newcastle beat the mackems and then we can do them over next tuesday ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	the only NUMBER nd coming i'm interested in is USER bringing his wrecking ball back to the uk HASHTAG	
positive	USER girl i been in timmonsville since may NUMBER th and yayyy you miss me lol	
negative	oslo has been gloomy the whole day am ok with the temperature but not the non sunny outlook hope it gets better tomorrow .	
positive	USER i worked at chesters the george was our NUMBER nd home we loved it ill certainly be back ! HAPPY	
positive	USER as we reported earlier in the day pg lorenzo brown will have surgery on tuesday hoping NUMBER speedy recovery	
positive	micca tomorrow my support for the marching band is ridiculous HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	USER so you want people like chief keef ted nugent to have guns c'mon son HASHTAG	
negative	USER the schools are also in the middle of istep testing so they may not be able to get back to you yet	
positive	excited for tomorrow 's photo session with indhi fashion design studio at theloniousstudios WEBSITE	
positive	bright side of the sun recapping the recaps see what others said about the suns loss to warriors HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	the marching band is playing the NUMBER rd quarter dance song right now and i can hear it from my class i gotta do it ca n't stop ...	
positive	tomorrow okami will be released on psn in hd ca n't wait to play it again ! to me it 's one of the greatest games ever made ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	tennessee is going to kill troy on saturday !	
positive	i'm hooked on horse racing ... i 've been to the del mar racetrack in san diego ... and now i wanna go to the kentucky derby ...	
positive	on june NUMBER andrew breitbart offered a PRICE NUMBER reward to anyone for the full 'journolist' archive source fully protected .	
positive	tomorrow night it 's your chance to slay a dragon in jerusalem 's old city ! WEBSITE	
negative	that girl rhonda rousey is bad and she 's got NUMBER ws all by way of NUMBER NUMBER st rd arm bars HASHTAG	
positive	premier league team of the week van persie makes cut for NUMBER th time this season as szczesny evans ashley young star WEBSITE	
positive	first game of the season for the lakers tomorrow HASHTAG	
positive	PRICE for george strait in march at the houston rodeo ? ! looks like i need to start saving ! HAPPY	
positive	in rugby news USER are winning NUMBER NUMBER at cobham with the four try bonus point in the bag see the monday gazette for a full report .	
positive	be sure to watch the broadcast premiere of the official NUMBER iditarod race documentary sunday NUMBER NUMBER pm . WEBSITE	
positive	new listing coming in laguna hills ca ! NUMBER bed plus bonus room pool NUMBER car garage ... to hit the market officially tomorrow !	
negative	NUMBER nd zen dixie ! if you do n't read share god will kill a baby kitten i will haunt you w redundancies bad puns WEBSITE	
negative	ugh had iss today gonna have it tomorrow too HASHTAG	
positive	plant city is babysitting nyc palm trees for the winter crap like this cracks me up ! WEBSITE	
positive	sunday night lounging ! jett lounge is the destination ! big leo celebration ! everybody free all night ! pool t WEBSITE	
negative	simcity delayed it 's availability WEBSITE NUMBER .html	
positive	turns out saturday 's match at white hart lane was ramires' NUMBER th for the club that 's a big milestone .	
positive	mark martin 's the NUMBER st to crack NUMBER mph and now leads a mwr NUMBER NUMBER bowyer NUMBER nd and toyota NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER kyle NUMBER rd after NUMBER cars HASHTAG	
negative	correction USER marching band is cancelled tomorrow why in the world wld we think they had common sense to cancel school so early duh !	
positive	babysitting all day tonight ... blahhh . but cant wait for friday ! ! club pulse baby ! ! ! ! whoot whoot ! ! ! !	
positive	open lobby was fun today ... hopefully it 'll be cool tomorrow too .	
positive	happy birthday roman abramovich NUMBER october NUMBER keep the blue flag flying high NUMBER	
positive	so proud of the ladies from my family group from kremlin today who placed NUMBER rd at the j high state cross country meet ! so proud of ya ladies !	
negative	if the world ends in december i'mma find justin beiber and castrate him before i die .	
positive	jose mourinho we want to win the playoff and if we win tomorrow that 's best HASHTAG	
positive	USER march NUMBER st is national bieber day ! wooohoooo ! HAPPY like it ? WEBSITE	
positive	aaah just got silent house in the post ! ! LAUGH gonna wait to watch it until tomorrow or sunday though !	
positive	iguana in the desert no shade the sun is high in the sky he can handle it do n't bet against him .	
negative	HASHTAG this is such bs .i may not make it to watch bill clinton lay one on fluke !	
negative	without carl nicks bucs to shuffle o line some major news out of the tampa bay buccaneers on tuesday afternoon ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER well tuesday is a busy tv night state side i'm still not done with the latest ep of hart of dixie !	
negative	USER i miss sunday nights where mob wives came on then stevie tv would now i gotta put up with this chicago bullshit and no stevietv	
positive	let our nov . NUMBER vote be in andrew breitbart 's name let 's show he did not die in vain ! a vote for romney a vote for andrew	
positive	who wants to party with tay and i saturday night in troy ? ! WINK for real though ...	
positive	cliff avril says he 's feeling fine following the bye said he thought he would have played had the lions had a game sun .	
positive	and its finally here strawberry festival today NUMBER NUMBER and tomorrow NUMBER NUMBER thank you god for the answered prayer of no rain ! !	
negative	premier league team done ready for tomorrow bit of a risky tactic that might backfire in week NUMBER ! now to get ready for nfl ff draft tonight	
positive	TIME a young savage named suadonte wright was born i love you baby may your soul rest NUMBER i miss you donnnn !	
negative	fan hit flush on the head by harris english wayward drive on NUMBER st lots of blood HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	if you 're ever having a bad day watch too cute on animal planet it 's all about the NUMBER st few weeks NUMBER baby animals mostly puppies kittens .	
positive	maino and the mafia love at HASHTAG tomorrow for HASHTAG w USER USER USER WEBSITE	
negative	silent house may be one of the worst movies ever .	
positive	west yorkshire police cps have advised danny care he will not be charged in relation to alleged sexual assault in leeds on march NUMBER .	
negative	i rate lee dickson but danny care has to be on the bench sat for the NUMBER nd test NUMBER mins with tired legs he will be dangerous HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER it will be good for hoop so get ready dec . NUMBER u kno we will c lakers vs heat	
positive	USER well its my favorite NUMBER th doctor story and its written by douglas adams and if youve ever read the NUMBER st dirk gently book NUMBER of NUMBER	
positive	october NUMBER . see you sm bacolod ! see you there sweet heart ! NUMBER	
negative	USER breakout kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the NUMBER nd season .	
negative	anybody want NUMBER tickets to jack white tomorrow at ally pally ? stuck in matlock ca n't make it contact me !	
negative	well this may not sound nice but it 's true that runako morton would have never trend in twitter in his lifetime p ... r .i .p young man EMONEG	
positive	USER ayup ! hope alls okay we 're heading chesters on sat if you guys are free and fancy meeting for some lunch ? no probs ...	
negative	dongwoo gets so scared the whole time this is like the NUMBER th time he got scared because of the staff that 's filming them lol ...	
positive	check out the amazing world music festival organized for the NUMBER th consecutive year by rialto theatre in limassol ! WEBSITE	
positive	mark your calendars ladies luke bryan will be at the houston rodeo march NUMBER th then george the NUMBER th ! ! USER USER USER	
positive	big day out on NUMBER nov USER gallery hopping talks guided tours more my list of must see galleries events WEBSITE	
positive	rhonda rousey is too good ! NUMBER wins in the first round by arm bar she may not be beaten !	
positive	do n't forget to drop by the barbican centre 's conservatory tomorrow for our annual summer reading challenge event ! ages NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER pm free !	
positive	gut decision sharon van etten cat power elicited emotion in me like the NUMBER st moment i heard trespassers william or casimir pulaski day .	
positive	we need some sunday magic like his NUMBER in the final round of the honda classic !	
negative	USER chesters tomorrow for the match with me and shoddy you cool motherfucker ?	
positive	sunday dinner mersey side derby and man u chelsea decent day ahead	
positive	hey do n't forget our show at the rex theatre is sunday ! anyone want a ticket contact us ! pic .twitter .com qe NUMBER ciw NUMBER	
positive	USER NUMBER rd in table and look good a great performance today lets drag that to the mackems on tuesday ! HASHTAG	
positive	do n't forget that the amazing georgie fame is bringing his smooth style rhythm blues and his famous hammond organ to USER NUMBER nov	
positive	leo virgo ? ! club pulse is the move this thursday ! leos virgos are free before NUMBER ! also co hosted by HASHTAG ! evalesco will be there ! ! ! !	
positive	next sat 's kids' club film is the lorax with more fun 'n' free activities before the film from TIME am film TIME WEBSITE	
negative	not cool having miesha tate the former bantam weight champ on the under card c'mon HASHTAG treat her better HASHTAG	
positive	shocking ! warriors may actually have the best coaching staff in the pacific division HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	USER cav ! see you tomorrow sa sm sta .rosa ! ! LOVE	
positive	make sure that you 're decked out in your red white and blue tomorrow for america day ! let 's make this homecoming week great HASHTAG	
positive	okinawa concert is going to air on NUMBER nov hope someone will record it i would love to see seunggi shinhye HAPPY	
positive	also excited to see simcity and bf NUMBER armored kill during the USER conference tomorrow	
negative	a NUMBER th grader just told me she got iss today when i asked her why he told me that she told her teacher that she had a big butt ...	
negative	i really do n't want to go to iss tomorrow ...	
negative	bharatiya janata party bjp national vice president gopinath munde on sunday refuted rumours that he was going to join the congress .	
positive	looking forward to going to carrow road with my brother tonight HASHTAG he must 've forgiven me for my behaviour at white hart lane in april	
negative	ca n't sleep ... watching stevie tv for the NUMBER th time tonight USER	
positive	i just peed myself anthropologie to open knoxville store WEBSITE	
positive	pm ready for reply on coal blocks congress new delhi aug NUMBER ians with the bharatiya janata party bjp ... WEBSITE	
positive	tomorrow is the big day ! discount prices on botox and juvederm ! call and make an appointment ! WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	i'm sitting home on a saturday night watching silent house with my parents HASHTAG xp	
positive	come to the club monday night ! hope to see you there ! open mic night TIME NUMBER pm at iguana located at NUMBER w NUMBER st nyc WEBSITE	
positive	just claimed a sandwich after the employee explicitly called out cheese trifecta for demetria ! not my name or my order so happy tues guys	
positive	USER hi there dj janice . can you play cold summer nights by francis m . in way back wed . ? this is for you starlight . HAPPY	
positive	new favorite below the cherry moon from coming album brighter out march NUMBER th NUMBER by whomadewho WEBSITE on HASHTAG	
positive	USER i recommend going to see behind the mask at laguna hills mall on the NUMBER th HAPPY WEBSITE	
negative	writer HASHTAG dr seuss 's NUMBER st book was rejected by NUMBER publishers before it was accepted by the vanguard press do n't give up	
negative	i missed it EMONEG qt USER i have got to remind myself to watch stevie tv every sunday i was dying .	
negative	silent house may be full of stupid choices that might make you stop caring but it 's highly effective at building ... WEBSITE	
negative	harris english a HASHTAG rookie playing in his first USER started his saturday by plunking a marshal on the head HASHTAG	
positive	another day of iss tomorrow it wo n't even that bad .	
positive	directioners ! little things video will be out at NUMBER pm uk time tomorrow which means it will be TIME am in india HAPPY i 'll be travelling ! EMONEG	
positive	i wish i have the ability to influence everyone to like rui en hahaa c'mon she 's so cute	
positive	trill young savage finna walk around the crib naked tomorrow tho best believe !	
positive	USER just found out that justin beiber is going to be in nyc when you are on long island december NUMBER ! i know emma is a fan ! HAPPY	
positive	looks like my return flight is scheduled for november NUMBER of course it 's subject to change at least i'm stranded in jerusalem what a city !	
negative	drexel classes are cancelled monday and tuesday ... now i just need work to be cancelled ...	
positive	remember people rui en 's HASHTAG will debut on NUMBER sept NUMBER see you again in NUMBER month 's time ! WINK pic .twitter .com mredlalt	
positive	even though we just play troy this saturday i still ca n't wait to watch tennessee play ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	awesome show today with jimmy bryson tomorrow though we have trent anderson and rhonda rousey also more reo tickets to giveaway HASHTAG	
positive	directioners ! ! now we have to prove that we are a big family ! ! on friday the movie to be released song ... WEBSITE	
positive	tomorrow ! ! ! ! USER will be playing at the strawberry festival in watsonville from NUMBER am NUMBER pm ! come out and support ftd ! !	
positive	monday is a moon day ! enjoy a sleep in tomorrow a little extra rest come to the workshop with harmony lichty ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER hello sweetie hope your enjoying your hols found you on here through e l james i'm half way through NUMBER nd bk after NUMBER days ! x	
positive	may NUMBER badhabitz heads to chesters in appleton wi to rock the house do n't miss this show ! WEBSITE	
negative	i once turned down a performance david ruffin style due to the venue serving pork sliders ... like c'mon bro	
positive	wow i just noticed that dongwoo and eunkwang share the same birth date NUMBER november NUMBER omgyu ma awesome biasseu	
positive	USER thanks brother honestly speaking saw you NUMBER st time with kamran shahid and felt that ik has made so many ik 's like u keep gng	
negative	frustration for kobayashi perez in india reaction from sauber caterham marussia and hrt after the indian grand prix on sunday .	
positive	went to the strawberry festival with my babe earlier today and now being lazy maybe a dinner date tonight to top off this perfect sunday HAPPY	
negative	mizzou links NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER holy smokes it 's wednesday already ? i have n't even posted bill carter 's sela photo gallery ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER USER lorenzo brown over taylor any day of the week NUMBER ' NUMBER with just as good if not better skill set	
negative	i got to piss like a russian race horse in the kentucky derby with a glue trust stuck ahead of him and he in NUMBER th place	
negative	iebc is ready for NUMBER th march elections the electoral body should not be used as an excuse to delay polls says chairman .	
positive	good morning ! ! the sun is brightly shining in east york it 's going to be a great day !	
negative	i just cried over a dead badger named shreddie on animal planet another tough friday night .	
positive	isat 's tomorrow make it or break it for north georgia getting a good nights sleep tonight .	
positive	oxygen vh NUMBER get the most ratings on monday nights lol we aint playing no games i cant wait till tonight	
positive	do n't forget fca wo n't meet tomorrow morning we will just meet after the football game on the field with sahs fca HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	it 's all about reptiles this saturday november NUMBER rd ! meet animal planet 's gator boys enjoy live venomous ... WEBSITE	
negative	costa concordia accident ship 's owners say the captain may have committed errors breaking news buzz WEBSITE	
positive	feet first has HASHTAG headlamps ! hope to so you all at the young life NUMBER k saturday .	
positive	on istep i passed math but not english o well i am going to the NUMBER th grade wooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	
positive	ladies will have a free day tomorrow hope they enjoy rest of their time in okinawa HASHTAG	
positive	finally saw the stevie tv promo ! i am so proud of you USER ! ! march NUMBER th vh NUMBER	
positive	happy birthday wilt chamberlain may you rest in peace	
positive	amazing that derrick on his NUMBER th birthday gets called up from the d league to an incredible franchise like the san antonio spurs .	
negative	if plant city did n't have a staples i do n't know what i would do with my friday nights .	
positive	today is the annual marijuana march in toronto ! happy weed march everyone in toronto and of course all ... WEBSITE	
positive	yes it is us black triangle sighting in olmsted falls ohio on october NUMBER th NUMBER triangular sape ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	i just had a fantastic meal at the lovely vanessa 's house ! NUMBER then off to the middle of nowhere aka new hampshire tomorrow !	
positive	diana a celebration is officially open to the public ! our hours are NUMBER a .m to NUMBER p .m today NUMBER a .m to NUMBER p .m tomorrow .	
positive	happy friday ! we do believe in magic ? what about you ? WEBSITE	
negative	silent house was ass when a stranger calls was ass the woman in black was ass and friday the NUMBER th is also ass	
negative	EMONEG dk why but the NUMBER rd hospital file not working for me gotta try download from hf instead	
negative	mark martin by far the most unluckiest nascar driver of all time NUMBER nd NUMBER times in points the heartbreaking NUMBER daytona NUMBER .	
positive	saturday night be at the barack shrine in monroe ! HASHTAG gone be in full affect ! HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG USER	
positive	friday night lights west liberty NUMBER mediapolis NUMBER pulling for you comets !	
positive	liked the noesen rakell wilson line tonight although they faded a bit in NUMBER nd half connor carrick wsh and garret meurs col good too .	
negative	remember when i sat through that horrible show breakout kings just because t bag ? HASHTAG	
positive	oii USER make martin atkinson referee for HASHTAG vs HASHTAG clash on NUMBER th thanks NUMBER	
positive	and rhonda rousey has officially won by armbar ... for the NUMBER th time NUMBER NUMBER .	
negative	kurt may have been drugged again with rohypnol possibly in the root beer can found at the scene after he was incapacitated the murderer	
negative	anyone going to the romney rally in fairfax on monday ? ? really wanna go but no car help ! ? USER	
positive	caraway wins by sub in the NUMBER rd but i still think rhonda rousey could beat him HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	so pumped for no school tomorrow and sleeping in and even more excited for the hooch tennessee here i come ! !	
positive	more primary filing mess timmonsville is at it again and more NUMBER th congressional interviews thank god it is friday ! HASHTAG	
positive	just heard my bud USER rode with tom boonen USER yesterday HASHTAG goes off sunday	
positive	andrew breitbart 's NUMBER st site was big hollywood he risked every penny he had to promote right of center artists willing to help themselves .	
negative	what 's are the odds timmonsville 's town council has a meeting today ? have n't met since tuesday so they are overdue HASHTAG	
positive	interview w arnie on dinner in mexico with wilt chamberlain and andre the giant mighty collection of fools but admit you 'd love to the NUMBER th !	
positive	what 's the odds of waking up in shotton on a sunday morning in a gypsys caravan ? mad night ! ! ! !	
positive	USER jesus died for you knowing you might never love him back that is true love . try wed night game at sjp in jan true love	
positive	USER espanyol vs barcelona on NUMBER september NUMBER mins with barca scoring a pen in the last minute to win	
positive	kristin chenoweth says she is glad to be in bethlehem for saturday performance WEBSITE	
positive	unobscured the sun will shine again ! stand in your anointment this too shall pass ! see trailer where to buy book WEBSITE	
positive	got a vibe that the mvc is going to be happy with ncaa pairings tomorrow NUMBER will get in and i'm starting to think wichita st will be NUMBER .	
negative	ok dongwoo 's fansite is not accepting new members right now ... need to register on the NUMBER th	
negative	everyone in isat needs a lesson in dressing professional i'm skipping the walk down the hallway tomorrow i'm embarrassed for you .	
negative	USER lmao i sat here for five minutes like what the fuck did i do to courtney ? ? ? ? ha damn ...	
positive	do remember this saturday NUMBER NUMBER tho . it 's a celebration we just tryna have a good time USER beed WEBSITE	
negative	i have physics revision for tomorrow but merr i'm going to fail anyway	
positive	ooshma garg started her NUMBER nd successful company gobble watch how she got to one of her biggest investors reid hoffman WEBSITE	
negative	netanyahu 's new alliance with lieberman may not mean an automatic win in the election . WEBSITE	
positive	if you missed it secret rebel base celebrate may NUMBER th by celebrating ralph mcquarrie WEBSITE HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	watching kandi factory ... dam i could have made the show ca n't none of them sang ! lol	
negative	wichita st with NUMBER errors in NUMBER innings i imagine veteran coach gene stephenson is boiling in the dugout msu lead NUMBER NUMBER bottom NUMBER nd .	
positive	we ca n't possibly say enough good things about both march fourth marching band and moon hooch linking up for ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER USER tomorrow is the big day see you at HASHTAG	
positive	sufjan steven 's song casimir pulaski day may be one of the greatest songs ever made .	
positive	lol so haryana has a day off tomorrow because it 's haryana day .	
positive	super excited for homecoming saturday with monroe ! LAUGH my new nephew is here but i ca n't see him EMONEG	
positive	ualr fights off NUMBER match point by asu to win NUMBER NUMBER we are going NUMBER asu NUMBER NUMBER while ualr NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER th time is sbc play for ualr NUMBER st for red wolves	
negative	wichita st with fundamental breakdowns in NUMBER th hall singles harbutz fails to bunt him over hall picked off coy whiffs siu lead is NUMBER NUMBER	
negative	the wizards summer league team has their last NUMBER NUMBER st rd picks including the NUMBER th overall last yr NUMBER rd this yr theyre losing to the d league	
positive	occupy unmasked with andrew breitbart citizens united productions WEBSITE via USER cheery monday ! lol or no ? ? ?	
negative	totally going to the marijuana march in dt cleve brb HASHTAG	
negative	r .i .p runako morton sad day for west indies cricket .	
negative	i gotta pee like a russian race horse at the kentucky derby on saturday with a truck behind it	
positive	NUMBER ne NUMBER rocks okinawa with stylish airport fashion on NUMBER october NUMBER th WEBSITE	
positive	mourinho happy with cup win jose mourinho was satisfied with real madrid 's NUMBER NUMBER first leg win at alcoyano on wed ... WEBSITE	
positive	that 's it now for NUMBER life does n't star again til NUMBER march NUMBER when paris nice starts tour of qatar in feb is quite jolly though HASHTAG	
positive	big day in the sun now a big night in the heat with USER HASHTAG	
negative	NUMBER th page in hindu tn edition EMONEG gadkari was on first page though media will one day sell india for bread crumbs thown by dynasty	
positive	i'm excited for the new tomb raider game even though it comes out in march they 're talking it back to the start do n't you know ?	
positive	salsa sundays just do n't stop ! join your favorite lady dj ms mar y soul this sunday at iguana for an evening of ... WEBSITE	
positive	happy NUMBER th to hrt ! we love you ! ! ! shan t bone 's WEBSITE	
negative	USER your mail monday with fps russia was such a tease lol	
positive	cloudy in the valley good luck on your NUMBER nd day of classes ! ! see you in the emerald city isat	
negative	USER yes they seem to be in quite a mess at bcfc hope you beat spurs tomorrow	
negative	fraud fears as iebc turns to old poll kit the electoral commission on wednesday said it will take measures to e ... WEBSITE	
positive	i wanna see studio footage so bad we are about to hear some unreleased stuff ! likeeeeeeeeee i ca n't wait until sunday .	
positive	trifecta ! this friday get off your butt and come out to halls to show some support as volleyball soccer and football take down the devils !	
negative	red cross halts most pakistan aid after beheading the international committee of the red cross said on tuesday ... WEBSITE	
positive	my NUMBER nd time seeing USER was wen me kiaya n chante went to the dc star we stood in line NUMBER pm n they open the club doors at NUMBER am lol	
positive	HASHTAG has its biggest weekend of the season so far starting tonight ! missouri state NUMBER pm wichita state tomorrow TIME pm	
negative	and tampa does run a version of the option pass that wsh killed us on rglll to davis may just be replicated .	
positive	nothing against ecl and isat but it sure is nice being in my own apartment for work will be even nicer tomorrow when i set up the desktop !	
positive	interesting to see cliff avril start told me wednesday he was n't sure if he was ready to go obviously he is .	
positive	finished filling out the fafsa for this scholarship application hopefully it 's processed before november NUMBER 'cause i need it by then .	
positive	smoking a hoya de monterey ... USER on the radio ... glass of red in hand ... loving my sunday ! !	
positive	USER im from south africa and will be leaving the states on the NUMBER th of nov really wanna see jb ! ! ! life would be perfect then !	
positive	USER dear mr netanyahu if a new cast lead might be needed i wish you success and total victory may the enemies of israel perish .	
positive	think i'm gonna have to have a maccyd breakfast on the ways to spurs tomorrow WINK	
positive	please join me in welcoming our next us senator from the great state this coming monday check out hrt 's website for details .	
positive	NUMBER plains rd lots of space in this NUMBER bed NUMBER bath home in east york ! come to the open house this sun NUMBER NUMBER pm ! big space reno 'd bathrms more !	
positive	sun july NUMBER TIME pm rock 'n' roll the opposites our greatest hopes a celebration ! WEBSITE	
positive	i just realized that tomorrow is friday which means tomorrow is the kingsburg vs selma game HAPPY HASHTAG	
positive	looking forward to watching the mackems smash the mags roll on sunday .	
positive	world music festival is in full swing ! see you tomorrow evening in millennium park with the maria de barros at NUMBER pm ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan 's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arr ... WEBSITE f ahsaan NUMBER u	
positive	we 'll be at the american women of surrey HASHTAG fair on sunday in cobham will sample pumpkin pie see you there ! WEBSITE	
positive	getting USER transcript and shot tomorrow accuplacer and group advising turning in fafsa tonight making moves before ny love you	
negative	just watched the rhonda rousey v meisha tate fight for the NUMBER st time and that was one of the nastiest armbars	
positive	ok i guess i will go see emmylou harris play her album 'wrecking ball' on wednesday and so maybe you should also come WEBSITE	
positive	what a sunday this could be ! english to beat the french and wiggo to wrap up paris nice is n't too much to ask for is it ?	
positive	PRICE not a bad payoff for a NUMBER nd race trifecta at HASHTAG check it out WEBSITE	
positive	world music festival returns free but smaller the good news all events at the NUMBER th annual world music festi ... WEBSITE	
positive	the bulls are back ! USER what seed do you think the bulls can finish assuming a NUMBER rose comes back by march	
positive	USER love the greenbrier team tipped two of them and possibly harris english 's biggest fan may yet add him to my staking plan .	
negative	do we really care about our kids future ? think about it education is the NUMBER st thing cut from budgets on every level .	
positive	USER sheffield wednesday linked with roger johnson ivan klasnic and michael antonio big coups if they get them . HASHTAG ? WINK	
negative	damn i have to wait til' tomorrow before i know if i can go to oslo with my sis damn i'm not good at waiting	
positive	sunday means eggs benedict and florentine at the iguana ! another beautiful morning come on out and enjoy the pool and NUMBER x NUMBER bloody marys !	
negative	just walked past a girl throwing her guts up outside a bus stop ... average monday night in shotton .	
negative	israel 's red line on iran NUMBER kg of NUMBER enriched uranium number was put to netanyahu and he did not contest it . WEBSITE	
positive	USER will be at irving plaza nyc no doubt ! will be the NUMBER th show ive seen so far the band that saved inspired and showed me life .	
negative	open source misconceptions fading it web south africa may be up to five years behind the rest of the world in ... WEBSITE	
negative	i wanna go to the studio with ulysses n them tomorrow but i cant HASHTAG	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG cricket pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan 's cricket board said sunday it hopes ... WEBSITE	
positive	thank fuck it 's friday fresh supply of rohypnol ice cold bluewkd 's in the fridge any blondes thinking of going out ? gie 's a shout WINK	
negative	USER just read timmonsville is beating the crap out of mcbee NUMBER NUMBER still in the NUMBER rd ! ! !	
positive	at least it will make up for the sat and the gonzaga game	
positive	congrats to ryder cup captain USER for his NUMBER under NUMBER in thursday 's opening round of the honda classic keep it going !	
positive	clippers vs lakers tomorrow ! you all are about to be NUMBER NUMBER !	
negative	on mvc teleconference it seems jacobson found a lot more things wrong with saturday 's exhibition after seeing the tape HASHTAG	
positive	space and USER were the place tonight the sun ra arkestra was brilliant barbican centre WEBSITE	
positive	tickets for troy on stub hub for PRICE sad but if you have a youngin' saturday would be a great day to take them	
negative	i just finished the NUMBER th season of army wives ... now what do i do	
positive	USER it 's okay we gone finish off the spurs tomorrow	
negative	wicket its getting worse for the afghans they have slipped to NUMBER NUMBER after karim sadiq NUMBER was run out by jos buttler in the NUMBER th over .	
negative	dana gets two false starts called on them trying to punt NUMBER rd one gets returned to their NUMBER laguna hills scores with NUMBER sec left up NUMBER NUMBER	
positive	HASHTAG HASHTAG pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan 's cricket board said sunday it hopes to ... WEBSITE from HASHTAG	
positive	thanks to wrh i 've got on the guest list for the opening night of the shepard fairey show over at stolenspace on friday night !	
positive	the bulls head to cle friday night one night does n't a season make but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night .	
positive	the bulls head to cle friday night one night does n't a season make but that was a solid win over wsh on opening night .	
positive	tomorrow is the day we 'll beat justin biebers vevo record and earn our title back ! HAPPY HAPPY	
positive	HASHTAG had a strong start in thursday 's opening round of the honda classic but the no NUMBER was upstaged by us ryder cup captain HASHTAG iii .	
positive	haha blocked by USER because its USER NUMBER nd account and he backs everything tom segal puts up oh the irony HASHTAG	
positive	looking forward to some march fourth marching band madness tonight at USER	
negative	iebc warns it will revert to manual voter registration if bvr kits delay says poll timetable may change .	
negative	on NUMBER th anniversary of rabin assassination netanyahu calls murder 'one of the worst crimes of the new age' WEBSITE	
positive	i have NUMBER passes for looper in pico rivera on thursday message or text me if you want them .	
negative	seriously bummed that HASHTAG is n't playing at any of the bases here on okinawa ... may fly home just to see it !	
negative	dematha was shocked by gonzaga on saturday can the stags regroup in time for the wcac playoffs ? HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	thursday night football tampa bay buccaneers v minnesota vikings ... vimeo is the home for high quality videos ... WEBSITE	
positive	culture down town mon NUMBER TIME pm come celebrate spanish literature at world book day by the cervantes ... WEBSITE	
positive	all seniors will be recognized at fca tomorrow and the first NUMBER will get free chickfila coupons for free biscuits ! see y'all there HAPPY	
positive	a university uniform in appreciating military veterans he reunited after the game saturday with capt michael p ... WEBSITE	
positive	happy NUMBER th birthday matthew USER inman ! seems appropriate that you share a birthday with jim henson ...	
positive	do n't forget to dine out USER in HASHTAG tonight for paa ! also it 's america day tomorrow at the hs for HASHTAG week !	
positive	'may the odd 's be ever in your favor' australian directioners .	
positive	good friday afternoon ! construction a crash on the ramp from NUMBER northbound to NUMBER northbound causing delays heading up from brookwood !	
positive	it appears douglas adams may have right about telephone sanitisers all along . WEBSITE	
positive	new skyfall trailer is live fans self is it october yet ? i have all the feels for this goddamn . WEBSITE	
positive	so justin beiber is coming down here jan NUMBER am i the only one excited ? lol	
positive	big day coming up for ! word from cutoms and ups is we will have our bouncy castle by tomorrow i'm praying their right HASHTAG	
positive	grab the latest issue of the record out on campus now and stay dry this morning ! happy friday !	
positive	USER will there ever be a NUMBER rd season of breakout kings ? fx should pick you guys up ! please tell me sumthin good ! ! ! best show ever !	
negative	jonathan clary 's blocked punt sets up mike longo 's NUMBER yard td run and laguna hills cuts dana hills lead to NUMBER NUMBER with TIME left in NUMBER rd	
positive	ca n't wait till sunday morning when we shola make the mackems cry pretty sure a HASHTAG or two will be dropped too HASHTAG	
positive	USER why you so gwapo take care mario going to watch suddenly it 's magic on tuesday HAPPY	
negative	physics tomorrow is going to be a shit show	
positive	things i want to do live in toronto to work go to school and pursue acting and go to second city .and go out to banff to work in january !	
negative	dual policy of lpg pricing not acceptable to public suggestion is that govt should rationalize the price which may be upto rs NUMBER	
negative	USER vandals in oakland same as the night before in sf with afghans grown in . WEBSITE	
negative	rediff live ! hundreds of afghans on thursday protested for the first time against cartoons of the prophet mohamm ... WEBSITE	
negative	did n't get a chance to post this the other day goodbye ralph mcquarrie may you return as a force ghost to guide young artists ... HASHTAG	
positive	USER i saw you at church sunday with tohse david ruffin glasses on fly HAPPY	
negative	this is as brutal of a loss as it gets up NUMBER NUMBER then up NUMBER with NUMBER outs in the NUMBER th only to blow it it 's going to be a very long winter in wsh .	
positive	ok sorry sm sta rosa november NUMBER ! see you guys ! HAPPY	
positive	does anyone remember when we had to chose racers for the iditarod thing in NUMBER th grade ? i had zoya denure along with NUMBER other people ... loll HAPPY	
positive	rory mcilroy on top of the world after beating a resurgent tiger woods at the honda classic in flori WEBSITE	
positive	USER do you know roman abramovich is the NUMBER rd richest man in britian ? HASHTAG HASHTAG	
negative	on the news regarding the marijuana march in HASHTAG today if you do n't hear 'em coming you 'll smell them . nice ... not .	
positive	i love tom boonen forget the whole birth citizen issue i might just write him in for president in november WEBSITE	
positive	driving west towards banff as the sun sets on the mountains it 's comforting to see those hills again home WEBSITE	
positive	congratulations norwin high school marching band on getting NUMBER st place at the towson boa regional !	
positive	ca n't wait to see the people of shotton proudly waving their red white flags and wearing their national team shirts poland play tomorrow !	
positive	one of the hottest up and coming artists USER will be performing july NUMBER th at rex theatre in southside pittsburgh ! ! tix only PRICE	
positive	mavs will beat the lakers tomorrow accepting all bets	
negative	sat watching the fucking celtic game sounds like i'm missing a corker at white hart lane	
positive	belated post i actually really liked the steelers' NUMBER throwback uniforms from sunday 's game against wsh people just hatin' p HASHTAG	
positive	jett lounge NUMBER clairmont rd atl one of the nicest party i been all year damn this is the place to be ladies do n't miss it smp saturday	
positive	USER may have meat loaf and ted nugent but USER is rolling with USER tonight ! 'nuff said ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	the wednesday ipad edition is out now including tom segal 's pricewise advice and brilliant previews for juddmonte international day	
positive	this too cute puppy show on animal planet might just be the greatest thing ever i may never leave my room HASHTAG	
positive	tryna be more than temporary love you everyday like february i'm tryna make us soo official like HASHTAG	
positive	who 's coming to the marijuana march in cardiff tomorrow ? support the cause HASHTAG !	
positive	rest in peace star wars conceptual artist ralph mcquarrie may the force be with you my friend	
negative	may nabasa aq ! i dunno if im going to believe it or not EMONEG ang sabe dito nasa hell daw si pope john paul ii ...	
positive	so after david ruffin sat in the trap and smoked crack all day friday all day saturday and sunday i gotta salute his will to keep going !	
positive	played wednesday outclassed a premier league team tonight by the sounds of it ! HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	if you are in HASHTAG near laguna hills please come visit me at awakenings this thursday at NUMBER pm ! WEBSITE	
negative	the international committee of the red cross on friday warned that three palestinian hunger strikers were at risk ... WEBSITE	
positive	HASHTAG USER you have to try skywalk deli on the NUMBER nd floor of the comerica building on monroe ! HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	guess what ? ! we are going to be having our christmas party on december NUMBER th ! no shows unless your justin beiber ... WEBSITE	
positive	HASHTAG make sure you find your self at the s .e .c this thursday for PRICE thursdays ! ! PRICE w college id PRICE w reg id til NUMBER pm ! ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	hopefully watching the lorax will get my mind off tomorrow	
negative	mom just asked if i wanted to see the knicks vs celtics in october ... i hate both teams but it 's a live game hmm	
positive	tomorrow is the big day ! ! ! ! ! we celebrate upnsmoke woodlands one year anniversary grand prize winner of the ... WEBSITE	
positive	nine goa congress legislators want to join us bjp panaji oct NUMBER goa 's ruling bharatiya janata party bjp to ... WEBSITE	
positive	monroe bound tomorrow ! it 's a must leave ruston for a day	
positive	happy birthday haryana may you get the best in times to come .	
positive	australian directioners ! igo one direction icarly is premiering on nickelodeon the NUMBER th of july at TIME pm HAPPY how exciting ! x	
negative	danny care may be the best scrum half england have but he 's still a massive c bomb	
positive	USER you should totally come and perform in houston and while your at it come and visit the houston rodeo in march HAPPY	
positive	brilliant NUMBER mins for USER in the mersey derby not a bad game for NUMBER st goal ...	
positive	happy november NUMBER st sweet friends ! ! ! sweet thursday nod 's names of the day are ... charrish selma and aiden ... WEBSITE	
positive	alejandro valverde wins stage NUMBER of paris nice can he catch bradley wiggins ? the answer WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	finally listened to wrecking ball before i see the concert tomorrow evening ! !	
positive	USER youve done bob 's great the pacific great now how about one following the NUMBER th usaaf NUMBER th squadron b NUMBER capt klingler ? ? ?	
positive	you may not recognize his name yet but you will definitely know his music check out the amazing bill carter ... WEBSITE	
negative	red cross syria conflict is now a civil war the international committee of the red cross said on sunday it now WEBSITE	
negative	off to HASHTAG to see the shepard fairey show i did n't get to see last friday ...	
negative	the u NUMBER s game with shotton has been called off due to a waterlogged pitch so they 're now going to llani on wednesday night sorry lads !	
positive	so excited about the opportunity to go listen to USER speak in knoxville tn tomorrow night ! ! looking forward to learning ! HAPPY	
positive	it 's amazing to see the success thus far early from udofia considering how marshall etc stifled lorenzo brown on thursday night	
positive	fca is tomorrow morning at TIME in the pac ! we 're doing small groups ! i hope to see you all there !	
positive	HASHTAG silent house guess i'm in love w elizabeth olsen gotta find 'martha marcy may marlene' heard that she 's really good there	
negative	krul crocked just putting it out there craig gordon britains NUMBER nd most expensive keeper is without a club ? HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	who wants to go to a haunted house with me on friday only NUMBER with college id ! ! !	
positive	thanks for everyone who came out for day NUMBER of world music festival ! we 'll see you tomorrow at NUMBER am for a global grooves dance party	
positive	cava is looking forward for one of the biggest event of the year the strawberry festival in NUMBER main st watsonville from sat sun NUMBER NUMBER p .	
negative	apparently justin beiber is in the area i know this because i have students plural missing school tomorrow to see him .	
positive	this friday at the arlene francis center ! ! ! kinship not to reason why echorev girls in suede and iditarod ! doors at NUMBER HAPPY	
positive	how great would it be if the power came back today but so many schools in fairfax country did n't have power so school was closed tomorrow ?	
positive	hrt we have to try and improve the car oct . NUMBER hrt the formula NUMBER world championship returned to action today ... WEBSITE	
negative	when mr .craig said sunday night was officially the last day of marching band	
positive	HASHTAG the kandi factory and i'm liking it so far .	
negative	USER hamid mir has rejected the negative views of saleem safi sana bucha kamran shahid on pti peace march read his tweets !	
negative	distin 's derby disappointment sylvain distin has voiced his frustration at taking just a point from sunday 's mersey ... WEBSITE	
positive	must give the boys there spot back for most viewed video in NUMBER hrs ! directioners tomorrow is the boys night ! HASHTAG	
negative	the brick quad is the yankees of NUMBER th period english iii with doc caputo HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	big game with vcu tomorrow night ! second place is on the line HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	inmarsat 's swiftbroadband soars to new heights inmarsat lse isat .l the leading provider of global mobile sat ... WEBSITE	
positive	we nailed the trifecta at HASHTAG today for PRICE NUMBER . NUMBER in the NUMBER th race ! check it out WEBSITE	
positive	if you ca n't beat 'em recruit 'em HASHTAG aol goog twx aapl inc nasdaq yhoo may have the biggest weapo ... WEBSITE	
positive	friday night lights ! ! ! here in brownsville the match between hanna eagels and rivera raiders .	
negative	i guess i should 've been out giving out books last night for world book day instead i sat in large dark room watching the avengers assemble	
positive	world walking day in few more hours ! see you guys at putrajaya ! i am gonna bring my camera along HAPPY WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	purim 's dancer runs in the NUMBER th USER today the local goat must be wishing her good luckpic .twitter .com xnzn NUMBER md	
positive	hammond we now have a balanced budget with an affordable equipment programme backed by what will still be the NUMBER th largest defence budget .	
positive	USER fca is tomorrow i 'd love to see you there kenadee	
positive	as we patiently awaitrt USER back in studio putting final touches to the HASHTAG ... should be out nxt week friday .	
positive	HASHTAG bagsakan by parokya ni edgar gloc NUMBER and francis m NUMBER i may sound baduy but it 's the only tagalog song nga nindooooot jod kaayo dmd NUMBER	
positive	monday feels a little easier after safc res fantastic win ... and the mackems couldnt even beat us with NUMBER in own backyard HASHTAG	
negative	karthikeyan in NUMBER nd is already being warned by his hrt engineer that he needs to cool the brakes with NUMBER laps still to go HASHTAG	
positive	thank you st david for PRICE parking on a home game saturday HASHTAG	
positive	tjo today i heard that eskom 's rebate is untill march for the solar its nice to be connected	
positive	long weekend kicked off tomorrow with jack white heebie jeebies	
positive	yes we have the nufc vs west brom live on our tv 's newcastle united are back at st james park for the NUMBER st time in ... WEBSITE	
positive	buzzing for the game against derby at white hart lane next saturday HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	spurs manager andre villas boas was proud of the commitment shown by his men after they held off a fast finishing southampton on sunday .	
positive	get the skinny on verizon announces ice cream sandwich for motorola droid bionic after waiting for what may hav ... WEBSITE	
negative	by botching case against lieberman israel 's ag may have made way for his union with netanyahu WEBSITE	
negative	just met the players for the NUMBER st time this roger johnson fella walks around like he owns the place so i debagged him flicked his helmet !	
positive	i have no doubt that wiggins will win tour de romandie tomorrow second stage race win after paris nice he 's so going to be on tdf podium !	
negative	watching the HASHTAG game from sunday night and i see why cliff avril was throwing fits he was getting his butt kicked all night	
positive	for all you cyclists and film fans today is the start of the bicyclefilmfestival USER at the barbican centre until sunday !	
positive	home now and i am sacked out with my puppy on my couch on the afternoon sun after a long thursday ... douglas adams was a genius HASHTAG	
positive	joseph prince fb LAUGH o n't worry about tomorrow ! jesus your divine servant has gone ahead of you p ... do n't wo ... WEBSITE	
negative	USER it is the NUMBER th straight NUMBER st round submission not NUMBER th straight NUMBER st minute ko miesha tate did go TIME with her get it right !	
positive	real good game here laguna hills stuns dana hills with NUMBER th quarter comeback video WEBSITE	
positive	on election day november NUMBER mdc will be having class as a make up day we will see all of our dance iii lovelies then !	
positive	USER USER awww i miss you girls too ! ! and yes tomorrow night ill see you at young life ! HAPPY	
positive	rui en should be NUMBER st lead confirm she is good eh i like her scene with her niece and yangyang chemistry damn good .	
positive	looking forward to friday day and night ! excited to be involved in the seminar portion at drexel and the show at ... WEBSITE	
negative	lpg price hike put on hold facing stiff opposition the centre on thursday night put on hold the rs NUMBER . NUMBER incr ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER USER should play april 's mom so the great kristin chenoweth can also be on what an amazing episode that could be !	
positive	thanks everybody for the bday wishes ! ! gonna have a big celebration tomorrow at ostend ! ! ! cherry moon retro ... WEBSITE	
positive	today is the day lol NUMBER nd annual fish fry big bangs WEBSITE	
positive	february stars NUMBER years old and still one of the best songs dave grohl has ever written HASHTAG	
negative	USER how they gone kill u on da NUMBER st episode of the new season of breakout kings ? damn no more eye candy miss you	
positive	i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now she 's tweeting lyrics from her NUMBER th album ! im so excited ! NUMBER	
positive	now that the sun is on him my iguana is more active .	
positive	ca n't wait for iss tomorrow ... not but at least ill have kenna with me	
positive	happy birthday wilt chamberlain ! he may be dead but was also known for being stiff when he was alive .	
positive	i love watching mersey side derbys but you just know mariner will ruined it in the NUMBER st NUMBER minutes	
positive	on tha real tho ... i do n't care if you never go to your schools young life you should definitely go to all city tomorrow night ... HASHTAG	
positive	who is ready to party with us march fourth marching band and mthds this saturday night at the gothic theatre ? ... WEBSITE	
positive	ermagerd ! conor oberst USER USER is playing the barbican centre in february i must find a way .	
positive	happy birthday USER ! national bieber day now he 's NUMBER th years but he 's HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	trifecta ... lions win ... tigers win ... tigers win again a good sunday siting on the couch .	
positive	david miliband on HASHTAG ! this is going to be a wild thursday night !	
positive	counting by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville i always listen to it on the roadtrip saturday will be no exception HAPPY	
negative	this mess is coming towards us tomorrow spc has a slight risk out for tomorrow and we 'll know more about what it ... WEBSITE	
positive	watched the cabin in the woods silent house psycho and the rocky horror picture show today ! yay ! HAPPY tomorrow iba naman ulit ! LAUGH	
positive	tryna make tomorrow much better	
positive	USER thank you ! if one of the rabbis on campus can come by today with purim greetings so can you !	
negative	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday 's game ... WEBSITE	
positive	joseph prince fb jesus is not present to find fault with you today you may have been raised in ... jesus is n ... WEBSITE	
positive	my sister and i are going to sm this saturday afternoon to watch lorax i am so asking my dad for popcorn money HAPPY	
positive	if i ever celebrated halloween i 'd either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl w the braids from friday LAUGH	
positive	harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment but the ap still labels his photos as zach johnson .	
positive	starts friday night irving plaza nyc me and USER touring with chiodos stoked	
positive	she is the perfect theme song for a homie out on saturday night with a bottle of rohypnol	
negative	a single vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen james brandon banks NUMBER was ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER best line ever as abby he wears PRICE sun glasses has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that ?	
positive	'simchat torah bash ! ' at the chaplains tomorrow night at NUMBER ! a night you will enjoy as much as purim ! see event for more details !	
positive	directioners ! ! now we have to prove that we are a big family ! ! on friday released video for the song little things	
positive	really looking forward to the passion NUMBER pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville it 's perfect for a ... WEBSITE	
positive	when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball ? tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro ... WEBSITE	
positive	i will be performing at the dc star on september NUMBER st hope yall can come thru ! pic .twitter .com uxzjcsul	
positive	USER woody are you going to do another mail monday with fps russia cause the last one was hilarious that was by far my fav HASHTAG	
positive	ok going to be with USER on saturday at sm bacolod to meet my crush ! ! ! boom ! LAUGH ! ! hahahahqa	
positive	tonight PRICE tipsy tuesdays at NUMBER arch street at big bangs good food music and PRICE drinks at NUMBER th arch WEBSITE	
negative	steve emerson interview on shameful us response to islamist riots on sun tv ipt in the news the investigat ... WEBSITE via	
positive	lorenzo brown gave nervous HASHTAG fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain WEBSITE	
negative	just watched the whole NUMBER nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show .	
positive	state qualifiers young life short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good WINK	
positive	dont miss this tonight and tomorrow ! big day of the dead celebration ! ... WEBSITE	
positive	eskom 's HASHTAG HASHTAG simama ranta NUMBER provincial winning schools exhibit at coca cola dome NUMBER NUMBER september see you there	
positive	asikkk nanti di konser java jazz ada kak sierranya hmm it 's a good news ! lirik USER	
positive	ca n't wait to see the lakers tomorrow !	
positive	pack 's brown looks to rebound lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping today 's game against the d ... WEBSITE HASHTAG	
positive	ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked what is america 's single worst problem ? apathy i 'd argue ignorance is a very close NUMBER nd .	
positive	gabe carimi called for his NUMBER nd holding and NUMBER rd in NUMBER games but got lucky with offsetting calls its his first time facing de cliff avril .	
positive	HASHTAG in the bcs ! let 's all enjoy this moment in the sun it 's been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful ! HASHTAG	
positive	USER USER are you really saying that fps russia plays with airsoft guns ... c'mon he does n't need that he 's got the real shit	
positive	tomorrow ! if yu havent marked it in yur calender ... do it now ! christina grimmie on dwts ! history will be made !	
positive	adhitia sofyan on java jazz march NUMBER rd ca n't wait ! give me a day off please ...	
negative	bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on NUMBER g bharatiya janata party bjp members on tuesday walked out of the p ... WEBSITE	
positive	take care geddit to see a celebration of harold pinter at ip on sat aug NUMBER with celebrated actor julian sands NUMBER NUMBER for tickets	
positive	this saturday i 'll be playing b NUMBER b with dark e at sjoekoe bday bash cherry moon be there ! ! ! full line up ... WEBSITE	
positive	pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit karachi pakistan 's cricket board said on sunday it hopes to ... WEBSITE	
positive	tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday two of the greatest hip hop r b artist on the same stage same WEBSITE	
negative	ahhh song joongki ... why you still on the NUMBER rd place ? ? sobs	
positive	happy birthday roman abramovich treat yourself to a nice present in january i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely .	
positive	USER make sure you tune into USER on WEBSITE tomorrow from NUMBER pm to NUMBER pm special guest young savage	
positive	get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here WEBSITE	
positive	happy birthday to the late great jim henson changed the world of entertainment may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later	
positive	an incredible day in west liberty ky a small but strong community moving forward after march NUMBER tornadoes . WEBSITE	
positive	mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley nice little sunday lined up .	
negative	looks for tom boonen but knows he 'll be face down in a mountain of sherbet race day tomorrow prep of pros	
positive	wichita st is just a team full of corncobs also if they play we ready today place will explode HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	celebrating st george 's day the bard 's birth day or even world book day ? april NUMBER rd is a great day for history heritage culture enjoy !	
positive	rg NUMBER showed me a lot of skill NUMBER day but the nyg defense secures eli 's NUMBER th come from behind victory ! forcing NUMBER turnovers on wsh HASHTAG	
negative	who are the dumb asses who decided to shutdown main st on a friday for a town of NUMBER NUMBER for a strawberry festival	
positive	its tuesday time for young life ! TIME pm union lyceum takin' it up a notch tonight ! come join us HASHTAG	
positive	ca n't wait NUMBER mon ! USER USER check out bill carter 's piece in the USER prime time stern WEBSITE USER	
positive	not too late to come down to our monday night open mic to sing or just have a good time ! iguana NUMBER w NUMBER st will be here till NUMBER pm	
positive	saturday NUMBER NUMBER NUMBER regal in session with the big tunes crew the iguana reading more niceness to keep ya skanking hard .	
positive	looking forward to preaching at plant city 's first baptist sunday TIME pm new city church will be baptizing NUMBER into the kingdom praise god	
positive	tonight ! ! ! we proudly pres our NUMBER th halloween party with limewax many more this time at studio NUMBER twenty one WEBSITE	
positive	happy NUMBER th anniversity kuya gloc NUMBER you are number NUMBER rapper and francis m ...	
positive	ca n't wait to see USER in south africa on the NUMBER th dude is on another level ... check this out WEBSITE	
negative	i miss one day it seems like they 're about to give me iss tomorrow HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy lol my bday ... come party with me having a ... WEBSITE via HASHTAG	
positive	photo good monday morning and happy world book day ! NUMBER taken with instagram WEBSITE	
positive	do n't forget wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city come see me emcee ! PRICE cash prizes .	
positive	NUMBER page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time ? watching the animal planet HASHTAG	
positive	had a great conversation with a guy at NUMBER th mission after he gave me his last book for world book day it was nifty dude !	
negative	do n't get me on the topic of andrew breitbart again i cried like a child last saturday .	
negative	oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams' book he 's going to demand an upgrade to NUMBER st class ...	
positive	HASHTAG a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie HAPPY HASHTAG WEBSITE	
positive	mark martin morning ! yawn good weekend so far ? 'like' this status if you 're having a lazy sunday or ... WEBSITE	
negative	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday 's game against the minnes ...	
negative	jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving 'wisdom' is n't their business style part of what made this mess in the NUMBER st HASHTAG	
positive	best of luck to USER at illinois state tonight ! domination of the NUMBER nd half of the mvc season starts tonight ! HASHTAG	
positive	zionsville students did well on istep ! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrow 's paper !	
positive	native america day is coming up next thursday ! USER and i are going all out HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	yeah i'm pretty sure i'm going to selma tomorrow .	
positive	USER come with me and you will see USER USER USER and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night	
positive	tomorrow 's monday and i'm looking forward for it will be hanging out with an old shatec friend of mine ying manhattan and ice skating LAUGH	
positive	dee dee ramone 's exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow ! dee dee shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening ! friday NUMBER pm NUMBER pm	
positive	big redd young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night ! philly it 's going down ! !	
negative	HASHTAG daily digit exchanges lost PRICE mln a day oct NUMBER nyse nasdaq and the cboe each lost about PRICE million in ... WEBSITE	
negative	slept for about NUMBER hours i seem to be in quite an odd mood ah well USER in play offs tonight NUMBER am and jack white on sunday ! ! !	
positive	the lovely USER is apparently coming to st david 's hall in january swooooooooooooonnnnn	
negative	USER it seems right back is a problem at the minute shotton was awful on tuesday .	
negative	i spelled dongwoo 's name as songwoo . omg who the hell is songwoo ? the NUMBER th infinite member ? ? ?	
positive	HASHTAG football at white hart lane just the dosage i needed on a rainy saturday afternoon .	
negative	weak d and a penalty set up a short td run for eastern 'cats NUMBER NUMBER with TIME left in NUMBER st half .	
positive	good win for nufc nine changes to sunday 's team and still doing well got to keep this going now HASHTAG	
negative	men 's latest bedroom worry ' NUMBER shades' e l james' 'fifty shades of grey' may be supercharging the se LAUGH rives o ... WEBSITE	
positive	jett lounge thursday night ! ! ! it 's gonna be hot ! ! ! come party with me and kenny smoove he is one of the hottest producers and many more ! ! !	
positive	peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty roger johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever ! more of the same tuesday please	
positive	trifecta will be performing at the NUMBER th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept NUMBER NUMBER pm ! come join the party !	
positive	physics professor just extended our assignment from TIME tonight to TIME tomorrow ... i guess he is n't the only one drinking HASHTAG	
positive	i just found out that it 's his birthday last thursday . EMONEG ... belated happy birthday francis m .	
negative	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren political correctness has damaged all aspects of life WEBSITE	
positive	i hope yall not sleeping on the HASHTAG homecoming party this friday at club pulse shit is really bout to crinack .	
positive	my NUMBER st tweet chose you USER saw u in banff thankful our snow is n't as damaging as the weather you 're dealing with ! keep safe dry	
positive	coaches like gonzaga 's chances mon NUMBER oct NUMBER pst do n't count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball ... WEBSITE	
positive	creighton volleyball leads NUMBER NUMBER early in NUMBER nd set match becomes even bigger with both wichita st missouri state down NUMBER NUMBER at home tonight .	
positive	USER ca n't wait to see you guys tomorrow sa gt at sm bacolod ! HAPPY	
positive	beloved do n't worry about tomorrow ! wake up every morning conscious of jesus' supply joseph prince	
positive	rt 'd tweet a bit of sunday fun shot in whitstable kent and muscat oman ! 'down poured the heavens' WEBSITE ... WEBSITE	
positive	omegapharma quickstep won gold with a little help from compex ! watch out for tony martin tomorrow tom boonen sunday fingers crossed !	
positive	last NUMBER hrs covered delhi passing thru punjab haryana tomorrow morning jammu just loving it !	
positive	we 're thrilled that grandpa 's workshop is a main feature in the education category of the app store for a NUMBER nd week ! WEBSITE	
negative	uk chancellor osborne try to sneak into NUMBER st class train with standard ticket breaking news buzz WEBSITE	
positive	USER love ! see you tomorrow at sm sta rosa NUMBER pm ah ! yaaay LAUGH pic .twitter .com qohb NUMBER tb	
positive	i really want USER to tweet me since i bought NUMBER tickets to his concert october NUMBER th irving plaza nyc	
negative	buses in the white hart lane high road n NUMBER area may be subject to diversion delays due to tottenham hotspur match	
positive	kinder morgan kmi said friday it agrees to pay PRICE m to settle investors' lawsuits related to its ac ... WEBSITE kmi	
positive	congratulations to nmrhs marching band on placing NUMBER st in nesba competition saturday for winning a gold medal at the micca competition today	
positive	USER aj will you follow me for my birthday ? also looking really forward to seeing y'all nov NUMBER ! HAPPY my first college game HAPPY	
positive	photoset for the adorable and loveable man song joongki happy NUMBER th birthday ! despite your looks not ... WEBSITE	
positive	the record is looking for creative talented ppl join prof .thorbjornsen dr .beverly on the NUMBER th from NUMBER NUMBER pm in rose parlor .	
negative	somebody braiding my hair tomorrow idc who but if it does n't look good i'm taking it out	
positive	USER thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone ! pic .twitter .com rfa NUMBER cr NUMBER	
negative	bjp doing drama to hide facts says minister the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party bjp of ... WEBSITE	
positive	confirmed ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow october NUMBER th WEBSITE	
negative	congress lashes out at bjp over coal block issue lashing out at the bharatiya janata party on wednesday for its ... WEBSITE	
positive	USER ps i have been seeing on our chicago news about henryville 's new old ? school .have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already tc	
positive	HASHTAG make sure you find your self at the s .e .c this thursday for PRICE thursdays ! ! ! PRICE w college id PRICE w reg id til NUMBER pm ! ! ! HASHTAG	
positive	dtn pakistan pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit pakistan 's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a t ... WEBSITE	
negative	i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh NUMBER bet mtv etc because they take out the bad language it 's no fun !	
positive	i need to go find some sweets then i'm outttt another NUMBER hour day of marching band tomorrow HASHTAG	
positive	last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night ! enter now WEBSITE	
positive	the snickerdoodle strawberry ice cream sandwich is back ! ! ! ! we 'll be at the sr wed night mkt guernville farm ... WEBSITE	
positive	mark martin hello you ! good weekend so far ? 'the hot NUMBER ' is on but can one direction hold onto 'saturday ... WEBSITE	
positive	velonews tom boonen happy with amgen tour so far but hopes for first win in sunday 's final stage in l .a then ... WEBSITE	
positive	philly girls love going to big bangs kifs fat tuesday etc	
negative	im not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my tl will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber HASHTAG	
positive	the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow NUMBER NUMBER in laguna hills come and enjoy a ... WEBSITE	
positive	happy NUMBER st b day USER looking forward to another trip to knoxville	
positive	darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate der full NUMBER rd match vs nz fee to runako morton 's wife ! ! dedicating it to a team man ! ! rip morton	
positive	i tell katie there 's supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday she replies with oh right during the day yeah ? yeah .	
positive	USER good field for paris nice first sportive of season for me tomorrow so good weekend off and on the bike	
positive	USER are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at HASHTAG tomorrow good luck to those shortlisted .	
positive	andre villas boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave ''''''' great signing .	
positive	good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in henryville in from the march NUMBER nd tornado WEBSITE	
negative	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren political correctness has damaged all aspects of life ... WEBSITE via	
positive	had a good time with student teacher steve emerson today at the home brew class next one will be june NUMBER nd .pic .twitter .com yymfqd NUMBER c	
positive	redlicki tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic nicol at NUMBER pm et in the NUMBER st round of doubles HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	national bieber day in all the countries NUMBER	
negative	heres everybody 's warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow idc who you are i'm gonna snap HASHTAG HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz USER they were fantastic ! ! ! !	
positive	jim luxford of east york with calendar HASHTAG our NUMBER st PRICE NUMBER daily winner for september NUMBER ! WEBSITE	
positive	studio tomorrow all i can think about chillin with homies and working on new music	
positive	as of NUMBER nite it goes down at big bangs ... NUMBER th and arch st ... NUMBER NUMBER am ... crazy drink specials and more ... music by WEBSITE	
positive	maino had a great NUMBER st album and beat niggas asses that 's the type of person we need in hip hop	
positive	looking to start the week with success ! lots of thoughts about tonight 's mnf match between man city swansea .	
positive	the re release of 'in desolate times' is available worldwide today ! including bonus tracks grab a copy and let us know what you think !	
negative	USER best friend just arrived in nyc from australia damn it means i ca n't watch the two hour opener of terra nova tonight .	
positive	so pretty much im gonna believe that myt NUMBER NUMBER th tweet will come sometime tonight during the mnf game jets at texans on espn	
positive	USER verlander is possibly ahead of cc more sos better era but cc will bounce back after last night 's outing like he always does	
positive	USER great to meet the guys from blue today at nurburgring a very cool bunch of guys ! looking forward to hearing them later !	
positive	the takeaway from tonight 's game the colts' run defense was huge and curtis painter rightfully owes us all us especially a big finger .	
positive	lucy hale is trending worldwide ! the girls from HASHTAG are getting some love from the fans tonight congrats USER !	
positive	queen latifah may be going 'dancing' remember when a dwts insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of ...	
positive	tough week but tmrw is a fresh start the only good thing about monday is you get to start over plus USER are on mnf ! HASHTAG	
positive	USER yup technology makes it feel like you are all right next door in which case come over tonight for some terra nova ! HASHTAG	
negative	hope i get to catch monday night football tonight havent got to see a game yet ... it 's only preseason wk NUMBER but feel like ive missed a lot	
positive	kerry collins may look like an old mouse ... and hold on to the ball like one ... but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better ?	
positive	they figure they better get it all in tonight cause of verlander tomorrow ? is that it ? HASHTAG	
positive	interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh blowing a hoolie and voyager NUMBER . NUMBER was n't moving class tent .	
positive	good friday morning people ! ! ! redskins friday ... let 's take care of the colts tonight even w o payton manning .	
negative	curtis painter 's finally going to get a shot tonight i ca n't help but root for that guy !	
positive	USER we 're so happy adambehindthemusic trended in the us worldwide tonight ! ! thanks so much for showcasing adam on this special !	
negative	peyton manning ... noooooooooooooooooooo ! ! ! if curtis painter is starting on sunday i am going to lose my shit .	
positive	big night going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the NUMBER USER debut on mnf HASHTAG	
positive	since i'm a redneck i'm gonna pull up to the heritage game friday blaring some hank williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans HASHTAG	
negative	USER yah i know it 's on but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard i'm just confused bc it 's thursday	
positive	on the bright side dwts cast cumin mon my girl kym better b on hav sum NUMBER that she has a chance NUMBER win again ! go kym ! WINK	
positive	USER rt coco may be on the next season of dwts if she makes it i 'll watch the NUMBER st episode how about you ? NUMBER . NUMBER . NUMBER USER	
positive	colts game was fun tonight love spending time with my fam .	
positive	tonite it goes down ! ! ! street fm on NUMBER . NUMBER fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at www .wusb .fm or watch inside the studio at www .justin .tv streetfm	
negative	HASHTAG v the dirty HASHTAG football team on mnf tonight	
negative	so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work booooooo	
negative	weird music mood today lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone .	
negative	worcestershire ? what are you on about ? still coming down from your NUMBER st half high ? worldwide fanbase is something HASHTAG do n't have ! HASHTAG	
negative	man i want to go fuxs with the homies USER USER USER tonite for mnf the HASHTAG but i ca n't EMONEG	
positive	USER that could be the turning point in the series not just the game ... the series with verlander pitching thursday ...	
negative	spot price on NUMBER kt gold is PRICE dwt in tampa bay today crazy that gold is over PRICE ounce remember when the real price was PRICE ...	
positive	HASHTAG and HASHTAG have as many kinks to work out as the teams they just flashed the monday night football graphic ...	
positive	next person to comment below wins NUMBER tickets for tonight or tomorrow night 's colts game against the mcallen thunder !	
negative	USER oooh haha well unfortunately i really should n't watch another tonight although i might but it 'd be blue which will make me	
positive	show em what it isrt USER love it when scouts be at our practice . i counted NUMBER today . broncos miami philly tampa bay ...	
positive	another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fc tampa bay be sure to make your predictions ! week NUMBER is already up .	
positive	if espn has a hank williams are you ready for some football ? song for tonight i might pass out with happiness .	
positive	this may be a fact ! ! rt USER curtis painter will help the colts win their first game ! u heard it here first ! ! !	
negative	aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up NUMBER rd and NUMBER conversion .	
positive	USER so many ! up all night terra nova person of interest american horror story hot damn it 's gonna be a good year .	
positive	curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight probably with another girl that looks just like him	
positive	USER deathly hallows part ii now become the NUMBER rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with PRICE m absolutely amazing !	
positive	USER good luck agaist tampa bay tonight .	
positive	curtis painter ... we have a chance again ! ca n't believe kerry collins did n't throw us a pick six tonight	
negative	today in the weird world of musical history ... hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober .	
positive	USER hulk would you be interesting in coming on my show on espn NUMBER tampa bay one sunday to chat ?	
negative	my sons were watching mtv the other night looked like an absolute freak show what happened to hank williams johnny cash real music ?	
positive	ca n't wait to go to colts game with my sweetness tonight .	
positive	rt USER tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season NUMBER of dwts ! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast .	
negative	USER i gave verlander a slight edge over cc but after today against boston he is no cy young material .	
positive	dear espn you are n't fooling anyone with your monday night football graphics ... its thursday just make tnf graphics HASHTAG	
negative	USER dead on point u could n't expect to sweep with verlander pitching ... now if u get lucky tomorrow its gravy and huge .	
positive	two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it	
positive	USER gm the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning hope your appts go well love u ! !	
positive	USER after tonight colts fans are going to say manning is john beck like .	
positive	USER the dwts cast will be announced tonight ! are you in it ? ! oh i hope sooo ! ! ! ! you 'd be so fun to watch and you 'd have soo many fans !	
positive	looking forward to going to the colts game this evening !	
positive	quite enjoying USER on mnf he looks more at home sat down tho i do n't think he knows what to do with his hands when he 's stood up	
positive	love it when scouts be at our practice . i counted NUMBER today . broncos miami philly tampa bay ...	
positive	be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espn 's monday night football tonight at NUMBER p .m with houston go owls !	
positive	rick porcello is not rick wild thing vaughn i am worried the real ubaldo is back good thing verlander is tomorrow HASHTAG HASHTAG	
positive	wow ! sytycd finale tonight and tomorrow NUMBER days until dwts cast announcement NUMBER days until dwts where did the summer go ...	
positive	colts game tomorrow with drew budd !	
positive	french pressed cup of verve 's los naranjos with a bit of hank williams good morning !	
positive	lucy hale is trending worldwide ! the girls from HASHTAG are getting some love from the fans tonight congrats USER !	
positive	thanks to USER kim i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight ! thank you tampa bay 's best country ! ! !	
positive	yay ! ! ! ! rt USER excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news ! they have no idea what their in for WINK	
positive	USER hope you win tonight tom ! your us and worldwide fans from USER and USER are cheering for u !	
positive	rt USER monday night football be the move too !	
positive	if i'm reading the twitter trend list correctly people are really happy that verlander beat the royals yesterday	
positive	colts game tonight ! yay !	
positive	what will have a better tv rating ... HASHTAG v HASHTAG tonight or mnf with HASHTAG and HASHTAG reg season hardball v preseason football	
positive	yes i'm ready for hs college pro bring it ! USER make monday better ! we can now come home to mnf ! you ready for some football ?	
positive	trying to leave i'm only NUMBER minutes late so far still need to dash to the ladies room ca n't wait to hear who is on dwts tonight !	
negative	i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall is n't once enough ? and their NUMBER st div game isnt til wk NUMBER ! un frickin real .	
negative	USER USER i hope my iphone gets service tonite to find out about dwts cause i have no power from the storm no tv no nuttin	
positive	there wo n't be just a party in the usa tonight there 'll be a party worldwide when miley wins booyah ! tcaformiley	
positive	man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what great entertainment thats for sure time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight	
positive	mnf tonight ! let 's go sexy rexy !	
negative	hank williams whisky in an empty bar on a friday really ? i'm that guy now fuck cute bartender but she chats with an off duty one	
positive	USER USER love that you NUMBER keep in touch HAPPY one of my favorite dwts couples reason i started watching in the NUMBER st place !	
positive	huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova !	
negative	HASHTAG is trending NUMBER rd worldwide ... this is not something to be proud of united kingdom ! ! ! sort it out ! ! ! !	
positive	monday night football gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris HASHTAG	
positive	USER the tigers know it 's a big game as well resting martinez alburquerque monday and bumping verlander .	
positive	new cast of dwts tba at NUMBER pm tonight ! ! so excited HAPPY the meeting tonight better be done or someone will have to lend me their phone HAPPY thx	
negative	USER USER i 'd recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow .	
positive	rt USER it 's monday and monday night football is on my mind rt if you love football ! HASHTAG	
positive	all i know is the road for that lomardi start at tonight ! ! ! ! we will set a record for a pre season mnf i can guarantee it .	
positive	USER have a great game agaist tampa bay tonight .	
